RT @Inspire_Us: No color no religion no nationality should come between us we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- Henry Ford
"Government's first duty is to protect the people not run their lives." – Ronald Reagan
"No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs once launched never disappear." – Ronald Reagan
"Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress." - Phyllis Schlafly
"I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong." – Derek Jeter
"The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon" - George Washington
"Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence." - Vince Lombardi
"@MMValetServicez: "I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement." – Donald Trump
Good advice from my mother: "Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary Trump
Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
"@Trading: Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump
"Patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it." – Mark Twain
"Failure isn't fatal but failure to change might be" – John Wooden
"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." -- Thomas Edison
"Do what you can with what you have where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
Whether you think you can or think you can't you're right. -- Henry Ford
"When you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat." – Ronald Reagan
"Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal." – Think Big
The road to success is always under construction.-- Arnold Palmer
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer
The harder you work the luckier you get. -- Gary Player
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman and win. -- Phil Mickelson
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety. -- Jack Nicklaus
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
"@MotAmazeBeGREAT: "What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate." - Donald Trump
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
Whether you think you can or think you can't you're right. -- Henry Ford
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- Henry Ford
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently." - Henry Ford
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
"Revenge is sweet and not fattening." - Alfred Hitchcock
"Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem."- Ronald Reagan
"Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one." - Alec Guinness
"Each excellent thing once learned serves for a measure of all other knowledge." - Philip Sidney
"Intellectuals solve problems geniuses prevent them." – Albert Einstein
"Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character." - Arnold Palmer
"Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal." – Mike Ditka
"If you can accept losing you can't win." - Vince Lombardi
"The only source of knowledge is experience." – Albert Einstein
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up." – Babe Ruth
"The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual." – Vince Lombardi
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." – Albert Einstein
"No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life." – Samuel Goldwyn
"Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games." – Babe Ruth
"If you never want to be criticized for goodness' sake don't do anything new." -- Jeff Bezos
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements." - Henry Banks
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." – Abraham Lincoln
"Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline carrying it out." - Stephen Covey
"There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option."  -- Dean Smith
"Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money." - Johnny Cash
"Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong." - Calvin Coolidge
"@A_Frog_4_Life: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - Donald Trump
"Always be prepared to start." - Joe Montana
"Always remember that the future comes one day at a time." - Dean Acheson
"Mold yourself into the person who can do big things." – Think Big
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." -- Steve Jobs
"Every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big &amp; that immediately distinguishes you from the majority." – Think Big
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
"He who demands little gets it." - Ellen Glasgow
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
"When everyone works with the same energy loyalty and focus it makes for smooth sailing all around." – Midas Touch
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -- Albert Einstein
"If you can't explain it simply you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"Diligence is the mother of good luck."  - Benjamin Franklin
"Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly then move on." – Think Big
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
"Being true to yourself…will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way." – Midas Touch
"@SteveGutzler: In the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish - Donald Trump
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- Henry Ford
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith." - Steve Jobs
"It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand." - Midas Touch
"Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity."- Reed Markham
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
It's not whether you get knocked down it's whether you get up. -- Vince Lombardi
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
"Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory." - Bill Russell
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. – Babe Ruth
"Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others." - Orson Welles
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
Winning isn't everything but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
"As you go through life you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks." – Neil Young
"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- Steve Jobs
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
Control your own destiny or someone else will. -- Jack Welch
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet keep looking. Don't settle." – Steve Jobs
"Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears." - Bobby Jones
Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
"Hook your career to a big trend. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions." – Think Big
"No one remembers who came in second." – Walter Hagen
"Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you." - Vince Lombardi
"The entrepreneur's ability to dream to win lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit." – Midas Touch
"The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that." – Midas Touch
Winners never quit and quitters never win.-- Vince Lombardi
Thx and from a better quotation source: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- Stephen King
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve Jobs
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
"Winners I am convinced imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true." - Joe Montana
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
"Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances." – Think Big
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- Vince Lombardi
"Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation." - Midas Touch
The road to success is always under construction.  -- Arnold Palmer
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- Andrew Carnegie
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.-- Albert Einstein
"Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger." - Arnold Palmer
"Worry destroys focus." – Think Big
"Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger." - Think Big
"Think big set your vision high and go for it. You'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. " - Midas Touch
"There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty." - Margaret Thatcher
"The price of greatness is responsibility." -- Winston Churchill
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile hoping it will eat him last.  -- Winston Churchill
However beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results.  -- Winston Churchill
If the wind will not serve take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
Learn from yesterday live for today hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. -- Albert Einstein
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill
Entrepreneurs keep this in mind:"Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds." -- Albert Einstein
"Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see." – Arthur Schopenhauer
"Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." -- Babe Ruth
"Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."-- Samuel Johnson
"If everything seems under control you're just not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing."-- Andrew Carnegie
"Inspiration exists but it has to find us working."  -- Pablo Picasso
"If you're going through hell keep going." -- Winston Churchill
"Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -- Winston Churchill
"He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else." -- Benjamin Franklin
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take."  -- Wayne Gretzky
"Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential."  -- Winston Churchill
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently." -- Henry Ford
"Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets." -- Midas Touch
"It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer."  -- Albert Einstein
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do."  – Steve Jobs
"The best vision is insight." -- Malcolm Forbes
"One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again." -- Henry Ford
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other."  -- Abraham Lincoln
"By failing to prepare you are preparing to fail." -- Benjamin Franklin
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started."  -- Mark Twain
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." -- Albert Einstein
"The road to success is always under construction." -- Arnold Palmer
"We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts."-- Gary Player
"You're never a loser until you quit trying." -- Mike Ditka
"Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you."  -- Aldous Huxley
"Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."-- Samuel Johnson
Individual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work a company work a society work a civilization work.-- Vince Lombardi
"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- Henry Ford
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." -- Abraham Lincoln
"Remember to keep going: if you stop your momentum will stop." – Think Big
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."-- Steve Jobs
"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest."-- Benjamin Franklin
"Realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs security and well-being for others." - Midas Touch
"Chance favors the prepared mind."-- Louis Pasteur
"Design your business from the start so that it is leverageable expandable predictable and financeable." – Midas Touch
"Patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it." - Mark Twain
"It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer." -- Albert Einstein
"You're never a loser until you quit trying." - Mike Ditka
"Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships." - Michael Jordan
"Winning takes talent to repeat takes character." - John Wooden
"Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass." - Think Big
"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." - Sun Tzu
"Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life." - Think Big
"The more predictable the business the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience." - Midas Touch
"Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds." - Larry Bird
"Every strike brings me closer to the next home run." - Babe Ruth
"Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points." - Knute Rockne
"Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones." - Theodore Roosevelt
After climbing a great hill one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.-- Nelson Mandela
"Courageous people do not fear forgiving for the sake of peace." – Nelson Mandela
"After every setback start thinking big as soon as possible." - Think Big
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." -- Albert Einstein
"Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it."  -- Albert Camus
"The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer." – John Madden
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills
"If you don't have time to do it right when will you have time to do it over?" - John Wooden
"Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch." -- Midas Touch
"If you want to kill any idea in the world get a committee working on it." -- Charles Kettering
"If everything seems under control you're not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti
"The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do." -- Steve Jobs
"Winning is habit. Unfortunately so is losing." - Vince Lombardi
"A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better." – Midas Touch
"He who defends everywhere defends nowhere." – Sun Tzu
"If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand." – Milton Friedman
"Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you." – Midas Touch
"Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself." - Andrew Carnegie
"Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit." – Conrad Hilton
"The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates." – Midas Touch
"You're never a loser until you quit trying." - Mike Ditka
"Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway." - John Wayne
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"We build too many walls and not enough bridges." - Isaac Newton
"The minute that you're not learning I believe you're dead." – Jack Nicholson
"Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision." – Think Big
"Great effort springs naturally from great attitude." - Pat Riley
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." - Henry Ford
"If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?" - Vince Lombardi
"Our Constitution was made only for a moral &amp; religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other."-- John Adams
"One man with courage is a majority." - Thomas Jefferson
"Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally your business will grow." – Midas Touch
"Keep focusing on doing what you love even if times are tough." – Think Big
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." - Dale Carnegie
"Trust your instincts especially if they are well honed." – Midas Touch
"Remember the golden rule of negotiating: ‘He who has the gold makes the rules.'" – Midas Touch
"To keep momentum keep challenging yourself." – Think Big
"Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you can't sell it who will?" – Midas Touch
"It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer." -- Albert Einstein
"To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back." – Think Big
"Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday." - John Wayne
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." – Dale Carnegie
"When your brand begins to build you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition." – Midas Touch
"If it doesn't sell it isn't creative." - David Ogilvy
"I've found that people work harder when they are held accountable and their confidence rises along with that." – Midas Touch
"If you don't do your part don't blame God." - Billy Sunday
"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile  achievement." - Henry Ford
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
"Once you learn to quit it becomes a habit." - Vince Lombardi
"Learn to think continentally." - Alexander Hamilton
"Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into a  brand is to know who you are." - Midas Touch
"Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway."- John Wayne
"Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision." – Think Big
"If you want to conquer fear don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." - Dale Carnegie
"Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid." – Think Big
"I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - Ken Venturi
"Time is on your side; things do not continue downward forever." - Think Big
"He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life." - Muhammad Ali
"Do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. You'll absolutely need them." – Midas Touch
"A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver." – Midas Touch
"Action is the foundational key to all success." - Pablo Picasso
"Winners never quit and quitters never win." - Vince Lombardi
"A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat." – Think Big
"If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them." - Think Big
"You have to have a good reason for doing what you're doing because people connect with the why." – Midas Touch
"You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - Think Big
"Sometimes when you innovate you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly and get on with other innovations." - Steve Jobs
"Always strive to outdo yourself." – Think Big
"Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power." – Lao Tzu
"Ability is nothing without opportunity." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"If you have a hard time communicating one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience." - Midas Touch
"Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information." - Think Big
"Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." - Henry Ford
"Keep your brand standard in mind and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying." – Midas Touch
"Don't find fault. Find a remedy." – Henry Ford
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information &amp; use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big
"Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games." - Babe Ruth
"Worry destroys focus." – Think Big
"Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid." – Think Big
"Inspiration exists but it must find you working." -- Pablo Picasso
"I pride myself on being obstinate stubborn &amp; tough.  I think those are important qualities found in successful people." – Think Big
"Never give up on yourself." – Think Big
"We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork." - Milton Friedman
"Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life." - Golda Meir
"Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong" - Think Big
"Circumstances are beyond human control but our conduct is in our own power." -- Benjamin Disraeli
"Never judge someone by their job title. You'd be surprised at the talents people can have." – Midas Touch
"It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer." - Albert Einstein
"The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said." - Peter Drucker
"Mistakes are always forgivable if one has the courage to admit them." -- Bruce Lee
"Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton
"Always get even. When you are in business you need to get even with people who screw you." – Think Big
"Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back." – Babe Ruth
"The aesthetic the quality has to be carried all the way through."  - Steve Jobs
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
"One reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people." – Midas Touch
"Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you." – Think Big
"You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb." - Andrew Carnegie
"Once you consent to some concession you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are." - Howard Hughes
"The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits." - Albert Einstein
"In the general course of human nature a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will." - Alexander Hamilton
"You have to have a good reason for doing what you're doing because people connect with the why." – Midas Touch
"If you love what you do you are going to work harder you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - Think Big
"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." - Steve Jobs
"Whether you realize it or not your brand can be many times more valuable than your business." – Midas Touch
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"You have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big but be realistic." – Think Big
"Image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product." – Midas Touch
"If you want to be successful at anything in life you have to be able to handle pressure." – Think Big
"Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass." – Think Big
"Being the best requires full-time attention and application." – Midas Touch
"Set your sights and aim high. You never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it." - Midas Touch
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative." – Think Big
"Being an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost expand your focus." - Midas Touch
"If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter." - George Washington
"Do not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration." – Think Big
"The harder you work the luckier you  get." - Gary Player
... A great person inspires others to see for themselves. – Harvey Mackay
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn
"Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals." - David Ogilvy
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place then stand firm." - Abraham Lincoln
"Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools." - Napoleon Bonaparte
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works." - Think Big
"You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right." – Think Big
"Don't find fault find a remedy." -- Henry Ford
"You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - Think Big
"We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork." - Milton Friedman
"I can accept failure everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying." – Michael Jordan
"Pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems."   - Think Big
"Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice." - Winston Churchill
"Take action every day and stay focused for the long haul." - Think Big
"Hard work is my personal method for financial success.  You can do it too." - Think Big
"If you have a crisis whether on a ship or wherever there are heroes who rise above it." - Jerry Bruckheimer
"If you want to be a success you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it." - Think Big
"All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you." - Think Big
"Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day." - Samuel Goldwyn
"In this game knowledge is the key to power." - Think Big
"What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big in life."- Think Big
"Never never never give up." - Winston Churchill
"Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day." - Think Big
"Spend your time enjoying your big dreams."  - Think Big
"I find hope in the darkest of days and focus in the brightest." - Dalai Lama
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
"There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.  You have to love what you do." - Think Big
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." -- Winston Churchill
"He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious." -- Sun Tzu
"The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said." -- Peter Drucker
"To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do." -- Think Big
"You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast." -- Think Big
"Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare."  -- Dale Carnegie
"It does not cost anything to dream.  Spend your time enjoying your big dreams." -- Think Big
"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. " -- Mark Twain
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." – Walt Disney
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." – Vince Lombardi
"Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective." -- Andrew Mellon
"The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way." -- Dale Carnegie
"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." -- Sun Tzu
"Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent from a director's point of view." -- Steven Spielberg
"A penny saved is a penny earned." -- Benjamin Franklin
"When everything seems to be going against you remember that the airplane takes off against the wind not with it." -- Henry Ford
"If we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves." -- Thomas Edison
"Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program." -- Milton Friedman
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." -- Vince Lombardi
"There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare." -- Sun Tzu
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life." -- Winston Churchill
"Be  yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- Steve Jobs
"If you accept the expectations of others especially negative ones then you will never change the outcome."  -- Michael Jordan
"Change is not a destination just as hope is not a strategy." -- Rudy Giuliani
"The harder I work the luckier I get." -- Samuel Goldwyn
"If you don't have a competitive advantage don't compete."   -- Jack Welch
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does."  -- William James
"The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." -- Sun Tzu
"However beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results." -- Winston Churchill
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - Thomas Edison
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- John Wooden
"He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious." -- Sun Tzu
"A market is never saturated with a good product but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one." -- Henry Ford
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." -- Winston Churchill
"Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals." -- Henry Ford
"Everyone makes mistakes but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters." -- Midas Touch
"China is our enemy--they want to destroy us" -- Redstate Interview
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump
