"Yeah," she says, "but we were just kids.""And welfare still helps kids today, along with single women like your mother.""But it’s different now," she says. "People just don’t wanna work."And when I remind her again that a majority of welfare recipients are employed, she waves me off."My favorite president was Ike," she says, which I know. Frances is quick to praise men she sees as having backbone – her father, Ike, Ronald Reagan, Donald Trump – and deplores whiners and eggheads. That morning, she couldn’t find Fox News in her hotel room and had to settle for "some puny guy" on another network. I’m shocked when she tells me Barack Obama was "cute"."Hated him as president, but I could watch him run up and down those stairs all day long," she says. "But Lincoln – boy, I really hate him."I’d never heard this before. I nearly swerve out of my lane. "Lincoln? Who hates Abraham Lincoln?" "He stood on that platform and watched those boys kill each other," she says. She’s referring to the Battle of Fort Stevens in July 1864. Confederate troops came within striking distance of the Capitol. Lincoln watched from an earthen parapet and was nearly shot by a rebel sniper. I had to look it up."But Lincoln ended slavery," I say. "Can we agree that slavery was bad?""That’s not why they were fighting, and you know it," she says.I turn on some music and try to make time.It started as a joke. My cousin Frances, who’s 93, loves Donald Trump. She’s adored him ever since the beginning, from the fateful escalator ride at Trump Tower to Billy Bush and beyond. The morning after he won, when I was hungover and she called to gloat, we had some words and didn’t talk for weeks. Afterwards we vowed never to let politics get in the way of our friendship.Then a few months ago, after the umpteenth controversy to come out of the White House, I asked her what she thought of Trump now."What do I think?" she said. "I like him even more. In fact, I’d drive clear to Washington just to shake his hand.""Then I’ll drive you myself," I said, kidding. "We’ll go together."But the joke took on a life of its own until it was no longer a joke, and here we are, driving 2,000 miles to try to meet the man. I assure myself that he’s a germaphobe and won’t shake my hand anyway.We began our journey from Big Spring, Texas, where Frances and I were raised 50 years apart. I met her only three years ago while researching my latest book, The Kings of Big Spring, about my family’s troubled history there.She was living in Scottsdale, Arizona, unbeknownst to us. Her father Bud had died of dust pneumonia during the Depression. Her mother then suffered a mental breakdown and abandoned them, leaving Frances to care for her brothers and sister. Throughout the reporting we became close, even after she discovered I was "one of them", meaning a Democrat. Most of our phone conversations took place over a rumbling of Fox News. I know the real work of this road trip lies in the journey itself. Along the way I’ve arranged to meet with people who challenge us ideologically, who represent our frustrations and fears. In our siloes of social media and cable news, we scream and rant about these enemies yet rarely ever talk to them. And this lost civil discourse only benefits those in power.So what happens when we engage our enemies face to face? If exposure is the antiseptic to bigotry, I want to give our stereotypes and preconceptions a proper airing. I know this trip with Frances won’t be one long kumbaya. As the lone Democrat in a family of Christian conservatives, I’ve long grown accustomed to defending my beliefs.Just the previous night in Big Spring, my uncle and I started discussing sanctuary cities. Within seconds, our blood pressure had spiked and voices were raised. "I can’t talk politics with you!" he said and walked out of the room. Later it turned out we had a lot in common about immigration. We’d just started the conversation shouting.My plan is to get a blessing from different clergy along the way. And since we’re in the most heavily evangelical state in America, I look up Pastor Mark Fuller at Abundant Life church. He greets us in his office, which is decorated with American flags and a framed copy of the Declaration of Independence.I like the pastor. I grew up in evangelical and Pentecostal churches, so I find him warmly familiar. Over coffee I tell him what Frances and I are doing, how we’re trying to address the division in our country. He says that most of his congregation supports Trump, but during the previous administration, a few Obama supporters got angry when others insulted the president and Fuller had to intervene."We have to be more mature as Christians whether we agree or disagree with the current administration," he says. He quotes 1 Peter 2:17, which ends with, "Fear God. Honor the emperor." It’s a quote I’ve been hearing a lot lately, mainly from white evangelicals when challenged about morally supporting this president."Well, we certainly applied that scripture when Obama was president," he tells me. "Here was a guy who was completely away from Christian ideology. Pro-abortion. Of course, pro-homosexual, pro-LGBT. So that scripture came to my attention. We have to honor the emperor and pray for them.""That’s hard," I say, searching my brain for counter scripture, which never comes when I need it."It sure was!" Frances pipes in. "But you deal with it and don’t riot in the street! You go to the polls and hope for the best."I share with him my frustration about the evangelical embrace of Trump, how I find it hypocritical and discrediting, and how as a fellow Christian, it’s impossible to honor a man whose actions and behavior are a direct affront to the gospel of Jesus. I tell him about my church in Austin where many in the congregation are gay and transgender, having come there after feeling ostracized in mainline churches.These are my friends, I tell him. Our children play together. The religious right’s well-tailored message that Christians can’t be progressive or gay or Democrat is one I find maddening and offensive.The pastor politely waits for me to finish, then says, "When you say welcoming LGBT, we do welcome them as well. We’ve had members who are inclined to that persuasion. And we welcome them with open arms. Just as anyone else involved in any other sin, we don’t condemn them."I was waiting for the "greater sinner" response, the belief that gay people are second-class citizens of the Kingdom, and when it comes my face flushes with rage. I want to grab him by the collar and shout God made them this way don’t you people get it? But I’m stopped by the very point he was trying to make. That love is patient. Love is not easily provoked. For lack of a better argument, God and the pastor had the upper hand."There are differences in feelings of what is sin and what is not sin," he says, sensing my anger."That is indeed our difference, pastor," I say.We talk some more and finish our coffee, then we get up to leave. But before we go, I ask the pastor if he’ll bless our journey. We form a circle in his office, hold hands, and pray.Back on the highway, Frances tells me to slow down. I’m going over 80. I’m still fuming, upset that I didn’t say more, didn’t know how to express it."I don’t know why you’re so mad," she says. "He’s just telling you what’s in the Bible.""Maybe I don’t believe everything in the Bible."Her eyes get wide. "The devil’s working on you, kiddo.""I just expect more from Christians, but then I have to understand what stripe of Christian I’m talking to.""You sound like you think you’re better than everybody else.""I don’t, we just disagree on fundamental things.""You’re rebelling against everything I was taught. The stuff that I was taught you look down on it.""I don’t look down on what you believe.""These are good people," she says. "I just wish we’d had this conversation before we started out."After that, Frances doesn’t talk to me for three hours. I put on more music, trying to coax her out. Then, as we enter the hills of western Missouri, she tells me something else I’d never heard. That after divorcing her husband Tommy, who cheated on her and sometimes hit her, she started dating a really nice guy and they became close. "But the next thing you know he’s telling me he’s a cross-dresser," she says. "And he married a lesbian. He’s a girl now. So don’t tell me about lesbians and homosexuals. I know about homosexuals."I don’t say anything."It just shocked me is all," she says. "I don’t know what to think when people start talking about that stuff.""I understand," I say.She stares out the window at the rows of dogwood in bloom, then says. "I’ve never been on anything like this before.""Me either," I tell her. "It’s a new experience for us both."By the time we reach St Louis, we’re exhausted. At the hotel, I take her up to her room and perform what will become our bedtime ritual. I place her suitcase on the luggage rack, order room service, then flip through the channels until I find Fox News. And with that, I bid her goodnight.If there was ever a polarizing force for the current divide, it’s the Black Lives Matter movement. To the conservative right, the "BLMs", as Frances calls them, are the new Black Panthers, the cop-hating boogeymen of failed liberal cities driven by anti-white rage. If Donald Trump is what’s saving America, the BLMs and other ingrates who march in the streets are what’s destroying it.So I thought it was only appropriate that we visit Ferguson, where the Black Lives Matter movement began.A couple of weeks earlier, I’d sent a Facebook message to Mike Brown Sr, whose son Michael, 18, was killed by police in August 2014, sparking a national outrage over violent policing in black communities. I told Mike about Frances and her love for Trump, then asked if he’d like to meet her. Since it usually falls on black activists to reach out and be understood, he was intrigued. He agreed to join us for lunch.We meet at Cathy’s Kitchen, a popular soul food place located on South Florissant, two miles from where his son’s body lay face down in the street for four hours. The riots and protests that ensued lasted for months.Mike is tall and beefy and still wears his signature long beard. He looks around the room before walking over, uneasy, and I realize he’s more nervous than Frances. He brings his wife Cal, whom he married two months before his son’s death. The two of them now run the Michael Brown Chosen for Change Foundation, which works with youth and advocates for better policing. Just the day before, as Frances and I were discussing what had happened in Ferguson, she uttered something I found painfully old-fashioned: "Used to be," she said, "black policemen worked their own neighborhoods and people were happy."After introductions, I ask Mike about the foundation. He says they’ve been working on building bridges with the police, gaining back the trust, and vice versa. "They need to put police who live in these communities back out to police them," Mike says.Frances puffs her chest. "I like this guy."Cal looks at Frances. "Can I ask you a question? What do you like about Trump?""I think he’s good for the country.""Is it the business aspect of it?" Mike asks. "Because he’s a good businessman, I agree with that. What is it?""I think he just loves the people."Mike and Cal look at each other. "Everybody have their own opinion," Mike says. "You entitled to that.""I’m just sorry to hear about your son," Frances tells him."Yeah. I’m still recovering from that.""You’re coping," Cal says. "You never recover."Cal and I volunteer to go fetch drinks for everyone. As we walk away, I suddenly worry about leaving Mike and Frances alone. My recorder catches what follows:Long silence, then Frances says, "I like sun tea.""What’s that?" Mike asks."You put the tea out in the yard and it makes it real good.""Oh yeah? I’ll tell my wife about that. She makes a lot of lemonade from scratch. I should’ve brought you some."Over catfish and shrimp and grits, we talk about "Mike-Mike" (as Michael Jr was called) and the day he was killed, how Mike had just gotten off work and Cal was folding laundry when someone burst open the door shouting their son was dead on Canfield Drive; about the riots that followed, the trauma and depression, and the power of good therapy. And we discussed their strange new role as grief ambassadors of black sons killed by police. Over the past four years they’ve attended numerous funerals and memorials across the country, mostly of kids who didn’t get the same press coverage as Mike-Mike. "When these people memorialize their children year after year, it’s like sitting in the funeral all over again," Cal says. "We had to take a break. There’s only so much my heart can take."I ask what I think is the obvious question, about their role in Black Lives Matter and what it means to see the movement take on such force. They raise their eyebrows."We do not like them people," Cal says."I don’t deal with them," says Mike."They hijacked the movement and now make millions of dollars off people’s pain," says Cal. "It’s not like they take any of that money and put it into foundations and fight for justice. They just do their own thing."Mike says he’s met BLM representatives from other states who were legitimate. "But the ones who kicked this off here? Nah."And thus, Mike Brown and Frances now have two things in common.Later, when I ask the waitress for the check, she tells me another customer already paid it. "We get that a lot," Mike says. He asks if we have time to see something before we go. In the car, we follow him and Cal down the street to a drab, red-brick restaurant called New Chinese Gourmet. "This is where we had our last real conversation before he died," Mike says. He points through the window to a round table where all the family had gathered: himself, Mike-Mike, Cal and Mike-Mike’s sisters. Although it was summer, it was the day Mike-Mike finally completed his credits and graduated from high school. His mood was buoyant, soaring."He told us one day he was gonna change the world," Mike recalls, smiling. "‘One day everyone gonna know my name!’ Said he was gonna be a big rapper and artist, bigger than Tupac, Lil Wayne and Biggie. He never knew he was gonna change the world in a different type of way.""Eight days later he lost his life," Cal says. "Two days before he was supposed to walk into a college classroom. This is the first time we’ve been back here since that day. First time we ever even talked about it."Frances gives them both hugs and we say our goodbyes. "God sees us all the same," she says, once we’re alone and driving. "Nobody deserves to lose their child."After leaving the Browns we cross the Mississippi and arrive in Alton, Illinois. We’re going to Eagle Forum, the rightwing interest group started by the late conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly.It was Schlafly’s 1964 book, A Choice Not an Echo, that galvanized Frances and millions of others behind Senator Barry Goldwater for president. Although Goldwater lost to Lyndon Johnson, he became the torch bearer for the swelling conservative movement that culminated with Reagan’s victory in 1980. Frances worked for Goldwater in his Phoenix Senate office and later helped elect conservative candidates nationwide. In the late 1960s she and Schlafly became friends, and later Frances helped her rally housewives to defeat the Equal Rights Amendment. Frances has often told me she hates women. "I don’t trust them," she says. "And I sure wouldn’t vote for one for president."She loves talking about the 1974 movie Planet Earth, where a man awakes to find himself in the 22nd century when women rule the world and men are slaves. "It scared the fire out of me!" she says. I assume her distrust stems from issues with her own mother who abandoned her, but I’m no psychologist. I just remind myself that she grew up hard, and after her divorce, she worked a series of low-paying jobs for years to raise four girls on her own. According to her, feminists are whiners. And the #MeToo movement? Just a new wave of crybabies who should’ve known better.Eagle Forum is now chaired by Schlafly’s youngest daughter, Anne, who greets us at their downtown office. She’s polite with a touch of midwestern iciness. She and Frances reminisce a while about her mother, then I ask Anne what Phyllis Schlafly would say about #MeToo."One of my mother’s famous quotes is ‘Sexual harassment is not a problem for a virtuous woman,’" Anne says. "That may sound old-fashioned, but if you say, ‘Sexual harassment is not a problem for a strong woman,’ replace virtuous with strong, then you know where she is coming from, because harassers always prey upon the weak. Strong women know how to deal with slobs who might do untoward things. And strong women would never participate in sexual dalliances in the workplace where this stuff originates.""But strong women are being harassed," I say."There are crimes. But a lot of what I’ve seen with the #MeToo movement is a lot of whining. It’s not a crime to ask someone out on a date. If you whine about it, you’re just a whiner.""But it is empowering for a lot of women …""You’re not understanding what feminism is. Feminism is not about empowering. It is about celebrating victims and celebrating victimhood. If you wanted to celebrate powerful women, you would celebrate women like Phyllis Schlafly who succeeded without whining."She looks at Frances. "Poor Bryan needs to get his head straightened out.""Sure does."She then brings up her mother’s rigid Catholicism, which was famous. "Faith can give you enormous comfort and strength because you know the truth," she says. In the next breath, she tells me she wants to abolish the Department of Education."But I would worry about poor states," I say, still thinking about faith and its social imperatives."You don’t have to worry about other people’s families," she tells me.I can feel the frustration rising up, but I quell the urge to shout or talk over her. I remember what the pastor in Oklahoma had said about love being patient and kind. How listening is hard. Outside a cold front is blowing in from the east and bringing snow. Frances zips up her jacket – a pink Ivanka Trump – and we head off to Ohio.If there’s ever a group that understands its need to reach out – to be seen as fully human by the other side – it’s American Muslims. A few weeks earlier, I’d contacted Imran Malik, outreach coordinator at the Noor Islamic Cultural Center outside of Columbus and told him about our journey. Since interfaith relations is one of Noor’s biggest priorities, he’d arranged for us a welcoming party.With more than 5,000 members, Noor is one of the biggest mosques in the United States. Thinking Frances would balk at the idea of a visit, I didn’t tell her until we were deep into Oklahoma and it was too late for her to bail. Her reaction surprised me. "I’ll talk to anyone," she said, crossing her arms. She was out to prove me wrong.Although it was built in the immediate wake of the September 11 attacks, the mosque started receiving threats in 2014. The phone calls, hate mail and protest alerts continued well into Trump’s candidacy. Now there’s armed security for Friday prayers and the doors are kept locked throughout the day.In a large conference room past the ornate prayer hall we’re greeted by a group of men, women and children. The women wear brightly colored headscarves, while one man wears a long robe and a skullcap. Frances is sporting her pink Ivanka.Sitting in a circle, Frances and I explain what we’re doing. Then each person says their name, their country of origin – Pakistan, Gambia, Syria – and what message they’d like to send to the president. Halfway through, the man in the skullcap asks Frances to explain her support. "How did you choose Trump?" he asks, but what he’s really asking, I sense, and what each person in this room is wondering, is how on earth can you love a man who referred to Syrian refugees as snakes, talked about shutting down mosques, pushed bogus polls saying a quarter of Muslim Americans wanted jihad, riled up crowds with fictional stories about bullets dipped in pig blood, a man who routinely negates the American experience of millions of its citizens?Surrounded, and without breaking a sweat, Frances launches into her defense. "I don’t know how I wouldn’t choose him," she says. "I think he loves the people. I think he took this on because he loves the people and wants to get the country straightened out, to bring back jobs. He’s very intelligent, I’ve read all of his books …"The group just stares at her as she talks, and in that moment, I find myself feeling oddly proud of her, not because of her answers, but because of her steel nerve. At 93, she doesn’t give a flip.After that, I expect the gloves to come off, especially after a teacher named Lila tells Frances she’s never felt more disenfranchised in her own country, and how she feels like Trump could care less when it comes to making minorities feel welcome.Frances tells her, "Well, he’s not giving a pity party."But the gloves don’t come off. In fact, our Muslim hosts do the opposite. They listen, and then they embrace her. One woman points out how they both value faith and family. Another complements Frances’s complexion. After we finish, they surround Frances for hugs and photos, and then we all hold hands in a circle and pray. When I finally manage to pull her out of there, she’s holding a gift box of assorted baklava.Weeks later, back home, I’ll read a story from 2015 about how the same congregation responded to an anti-Islam protester. Instead of ignoring the woman, the members of Noor came outside and greeted her one after another, whittled her down with humor and reason, and took the air out of the monster. Finally, one woman simply walked up and wrapped her in a hug. "I felt her body go from tense to soft," the woman wrote on Facebook, "and I asked her to please come inside with me." Which she did.That night as I help Frances settle in to her room, she tells me what a wonderful time she had. "Weren’t they the nicest people?" she says. "I made so many new friends." I agree that it was wonderful, then leave her to watch Fox News. We’re not changing the world here, I think, but the next time Sean Hannity or Laura Ingraham disparages one of her new friends, I hope she’ll remember the baklava.I started reporting here in early 2009, shortly after the shipping giant DHL shuttered its North American hub and shed 10,000 jobs, leaving the community reeling. One of the first people I met was Mike O’Machearley, who’d been a bus driver out at the facility. Mike had taken the job shortly after his son Steven was killed in Iraq when his helicopter was shot down over Falluja. The driving, seeing different faces, helped to pull Mike out of his depression. After getting laid off at DHL, Mike turned a hobby of making custom knives into a career. His shop is a little wooden shed out in his backyard, where he greets Frances and me wearing a Trump mask. I have a feeling what we’re in for. Sensing an ally in Frances, Mike launches in about the border wall."I say build it!""Darn right," Frances says.I can tell Frances is having fun. My relationship with Mike is a bit like our own. We’ll joust a while over politics, then move on to topics we have in common – barbecue, hunting, or heavy metal bands. But there have been times I’ve left Mike’s shop thinking I’ll never return, after he said something I found crude or racially insensitive.Sometimes I think he just revels in pushing my buttons – like now, when he and Frances start on the topic that sits at the very heart of the divide. "You know, I should be able to wear a shirt that says ‘Straight, White and Proud’," Mike announces, "but I can’t.""You can," I say. "Yeah, and I’d get shot. But a black man can wear a shirt that says, ‘Black Pride’. It should all be OK. We should all be equal. Gays and lesbians want to be treated equally. Well, equal means being treated the same, not getting more than us." He tells us how they pulled their grandson from public school after he repeatedly encountered gay classmates kissing in public. "When we complained," Mike says, "the principal said I can stop a girl and a boy, but you can’t stop two boys or two girls." His son is now enrolled in a local Christian school. "Why does that bother you?" I ask."Look, you can live the way you want but don’t come at me," he says. "But how does that affect you?" I say. "It doesn’t. But don’t force me to put my children in Christian school because it’s getting so bad.""So, it’s just uncomfortable to see?""It’s just not equal," he says. After some additional comments about transgender people and restrooms, I finally ask Mike to come to church with me the next time he’s in Austin. Come meet some of my gay and trans Christian friends, I say. The invitation surprises him, because now we’re on the same level again. And since I’ve been to church with his family a couple times, he smiles and agrees. We move on to something else. People will ask why I kept returning to Mike’s and why he continued to be my friend, and this journey has prompted me to ask myself the same thing. Like the pastor, I find Mike warmly familiar. I also understand that he, along with Frances and others in our family, feel like they’re being shunned and displaced in our culture, that the system – which, by the way, has been rigged against minorities for generations – is finally closing in on people like them: the straight, white and proud. And so they build higher walls, where inside, all they hear is each other.Ever since that afternoon, I’ve questioned my response to Mike. Should I have skewered him as a racist and a homophobe, torched the bridge and walked away like so many others are doing? Was my strategy of "listening" not enough? I ask because these encounters along the road have left me in a dark new place of my own conscience, where the answers are buried deep, too close for comfort, and will require some pain.Whether it was right or wrong, I’ll tell you what I did, this person with his own walls to bear: I wrapped Mike in a hug and told him I loved him. In that moment, it was all I knew how to do. I kept the bridge open for empathy and grace, because if I didn’t, who would?By the time we arrive in Charleston, it’s well past dark. Frances is sick, having come down with a cold, and is flagging. But I’ve heard there’s a group of high school kids from rural West Virginia headed to DC for the March for Our Lives.I know how Frances feels about protesters, but I’m curious to meet country people who are willing to march against guns."They probably grew up hunting," I tell her, assuming they were like us.Upon arriving, we discover that most of the students are black. I sense Frances deflate. Another group of haters, she’s probably thinking. Simply getting her in the door had been hard enough.The kids are from Logan, about 60 miles south. We form a circle and they start telling us how drugs have taken over their town, how it’s hard to find a good job and that people are suffering. Most of them come from low-income families. Someone had started a GoFundMe campaign to pay for their trip to Washington.Like most American kids, they’re terrified by the school shootings. And they’re afraid of teachers carrying guns, because in their school, students often overrun the faculty. I then ask if they have a message for the president. If I were poor and black and stuck in Logan, I imagine I’d have plenty of angry words for Donald Trump. But that’s just me projecting. These kids show way more compassion. They actually want Trump to succeed."Mr Trump, we’re your future," says Kiana Minter, 17. "Don’t you want to be proud of us? You can teach us. Watch what we’re doing. If we’re messing up, just tell us. We’re not here to make trouble.""Try to be the best," says Tiana Sherman, 16. "Strive to be better than the rest of the presidents."At every stop, people surprise us. Frances lights up in their presence. She and the girls exchange phone numbers and pose for selfies. "Never in a million years would I have met those people," she says.The next morning, driving through a blizzard, we pull into a gas station on the way to Charlottesville. Standing in line is a man openly carrying a pistol. We start to talk. His name is Mike Welch, a former soldier who served in Iraq. On his phone he shows us video of guys battling door to door in Sadr City. "That’s my unit," he says.We ask Welch what he thinks about the march in Washington, which is happening as we speak – 500,000 people advocating for gun reform. He answers by lifting his shirt to better display his holstered handgun. Frances laughs. I roll my eyes. Guys like this are why I don’t go to gun ranges any more."Obviously, I’m for gun rights," Welch says."Yeah," I say."But there are things that can be done. I don’t fall in line with the NRA’s views as much as some of the nutjobs out here. Get real.""OK.""Having to be 21 to own a gun isn’t against the second amendment," he continues. He’s also in favor of stronger background checks. In fact, he says, there was a longer delay than usual when buying the pistol he’s carrying now. "I didn’t cry like a baby because I didn’t get it five minutes after I applied for it."It’s Palm Sunday when we enter Washington. At the gates of the White House, the usual crowd has gathered. A preacher rails against abortion. A man holds a banner against a potential war with Korea. There are students and tourists and vendors selling #MAGA hats and flags.In one way or another, we’re all here to lay our hopes and grievances at the seat of American power, or to gawk at the spectacle it has become. And inside sits the man, fresh from the green at Mar-a-Lago, who we’ve driven 2,000 miles to see.In several hours, Stormy Daniels will appear on 60 Minutes and the clouds will roll over Pennsylvania Avenue once again.In the end, we of course never met the president – or came even close. I catch a plane back to my liberal enclave in Austin, while Frances returns to Scottsdale.Over the coming weeks, she’ll talk about missing the road and the friends we met, and how she’s been writing letters. She still loves Trump, especially when he tweets, but that doesn’t mean the journey was in vain. Before leaving Washington, I took her to the beauty shop, and while waiting in the next room, I overheard her describe the trip as her "crowning achievement". No longer was the country so small or frightening. Whether or not she changed her mind, she’ll always have those memories and the indisputable joy they bring.As for me, I’ll wrestle over the coming days with what we experienced, still feeling frustrated by some of the encounters. But the following Sunday, on Easter, I’m in church listening to the old resurrection story when something happens.It’s a tale I’ve heard my entire life, ever since I was a kid, but that morning it takes on newer and greater meaning, then spreads itself into all my dark places. Resurrection is a force that lives on within us, my pastor says. Resurrection begins with you; you are the healing of the nation. My frustration and anxiety fall away, and I realize that the journey into the divide has only begun.Design by Sam Morris. Photos by Bryan Mealer and Scott Slusher. Additional elements provided by GettySometimes, it appears to work. For example, the Chinese leader, Xi Jinping, clearly leant on Kim Jong-un to force him to agree to a summit meeting with Trump. But then Xi leant on Trump to rescue the Chinese tech company ZTE, brought to its knees by a US ban because it had evaded sanctions on trade with Iran. Trump duly complied and ZTE executives breathed again.Examples of deductible behaviour can apparently include not showing up at a restaurant without cancelling your bookingAnd so it goes on. But behind these scenes a much bigger long‑term game is being played out. If it were a board game, it would be called Hegemony. (drat: a quick search reveals that there are already games on this theme.) Hegemony is an old concept, much beloved of Marxists, coined to describe the (military or cultural) predominance of one country or group over others. From the mid-1940s until 1990, the world was overshadowed by two hegemons – the US and the USSR. After the Soviet Union imploded, the US became the sole global hegemon. But now, with the rise of China, that hegemonic grip seems to be loosening.The big issue, then, is whether we are witnessing a tectonic shift in geopolitics. My guess is that we are. Trump, who has the attention span of a newt, probably can’t see what’s going on, but the Chinese do – and so too do many parts of the US government, notably those concerned with economic development and national security, and some of the more reflective members of Congress.What these folks understand is that hegemonic power is largely about industry – and therefore about technology. And the dominant industries of the future will be dominated by information technology rather than by heavy industries such as steel and cars. Which is why there is now so much panic in the US about allegedly wholesale theft of intellectual property by Chinese agencies and the astonishing progress that the country is making in computing and artificial intelligence.In the old days, western snobbery led to the complacent view that the Chinese could not originate, only copy. One hears this less now, as visitors to China return goggle-eyed at the extent to which its people have integrated digital technology into daily life. One colleague of mine recently returned exasperated because he had been expected to pay for everything there with his phone. Since he possesses only an ancient Nokia handset, he was unable to comply and had been reduced to mendicant status, having to ask his Chinese hosts to pay for everything.If the future is digital, therefore, a significant minority of China’s 1.4 billion citizens are already there. More significantly, the country’s technocratic rulers have sussed that digital technology is not just good for making economic transactions frictionless, but also for implementing sophisticated systems of social control.In particular, they are adapting the ubiquitous "reputation rating" system by which online platforms try to get feedback on vendor and customer reliability. The government is beginning to roll out its social credit system, which is designed to "raise the awareness of integrity and the level of trustworthiness in Chinese society". It will focus on four aspects of behaviour: "honesty in government affairs", "commercial integrity", "societal integrity" and "judicial credibility".When first conceived in 2007, the intention was to replicate the credit rating systems common in the west for assessing people’s financial creditworthiness. But why, thought the Chinese, stop at finance? Why not use the technology to assess how "good" a citizen one is? Everyone starts off with a baseline allowance of, say, 100 points. You can earn bonus points by  doing "good deeds" such as separating and recycling rubbish. On the other hand, behaving in what is regarded (by the state) as antisocial behaviour can lose you points. Examples of deductible behaviour can apparently include: not showing up at a restaurant without cancelling your booking, cheating in online games, leaving false product reviews and even jaywalking. And if your social credit score is too low, you find yourself barred from taking flights or travelling on certain trains.As a way of using digital technology for social control, this takes some beating. There are already pilot systems in operation. The Chinese plan to have the system fully in place by 2020. By which time it will be ready for export to other countries – who will be queueing up to buy it, because one of the things states do is to buy the current hegemon’s technology. In 2020, though, Donald Trump will still be ranting on about steel dumping and import tariffs. And running for a second term.Four Seasons retreatWeaponised Bach? Turns out that those rumours that the best way to rid a neighbourhood of loitering hooligans is to play loud classical music might be true after all. Baroque is best, according to a fascinating essay in the LA Review of Books – with Vivaldi and Mozart being particularly potent. The puzzling question is why is it that music that sounds so sweet and harmonious to some ears can be so intolerable to others.Kissinger writes on…artificial intelligence. Surely some mistake? But no: there’s a really thoughtful piece by him in the Atlantic about our unpreparedness for it.NYC from aboveNew York as you’ve never seen it before. Phil Holland specialises in making ultra-high-definition aerial videos of cities. His one of New York is stunning.Every Tuesday morning, Mary Santy joins a small group of protesters outside the Phoenix offices of Arizona’s two Republican senators, Jeff Flake and John McCain.What started as a small demonstration against Donald Trump has turned into a weekly ritual. The protesters’ colorful signs – "Grab ’em by the Midterms 2018", "Fox News is the real Pravda" – draw supportive honks from passing motorists.There is the occasional rude gesture too but Santy said signs of support for liberal activism, from her small protest to the Women’s March and the March for Our Lives anti-gun violence rally, is still "so new for us" in this conservative western state. "One of these days," she said, "I’m going to write on my sign, ‘#ThanksTrump’."With its growing population of young Hispanic voters, Arizona has long seemed a tempting prize for Democrats. Year after year, electoral success has eluded them. As the 2018 midterms approach, with Arizona one of the biggest political battlegrounds, Democrats are indefatigably optimistic."The rest of the nation woke up to Trump in 2016," said Alex Gomez, executive director of Lucha, an immigrants rights group. "But we have been living that for years."Issues that animate liberals across the country – immigration, healthcare, education – are raging in Arizona. Last month, public school teachers walked out of their classrooms – and won salary increases and more funding for schools. The state is also at the center of the roiling debate over illegal immigration and border enforcement. It is home to Hispanics, 31% of the population, and suburban white voters who strongly disagree with Trump’s hardline politics.In 2016, Hillary Clinton lost Arizona to Trump by 3.5%, the closest margin of Democratic defeat since her husband, Bill Clinton, won here in 1996. And Maricopa County ousted Joe Arpaio, self-styled as "America’s toughest sheriff", after 24 years. This year, Republicans were rattled by a narrow special election victory in a deeply conservative suburban Phoenix district that Trump took by 21 points.Republicans outnumber Democrats in the state and have nearly twice as many precinct committee officials. But Democrats say their numbers have jumped since 2016 and the combined total of unaffiliated and third-party voters is greater than those for either party. Accordingly, the state Democratic party has launched a 15-county strategy to reach new voters across the states and especially independents. . Every election cycle, they tell us that this will be the year that they turn Arizona blueDemocrats say they are optimistic they can pick up at least one, possibly two congressional seats. They are also excited about the possibility of winning control of the state senate and insist they have a chance of unseating the Republican governor, Doug Ducey. The biggest prize of all is an open Senate seat that could determine control of the chamber. Republicans, of course, push back."We hear the same rhetoric from the Democrats every two years," said Ayshia Connors, director of communications for the state Republican party. "Every election cycle, they tell us that this will be the year that they turn Arizona blue. All they have to show for it is a clean Republican sweep in every statewide office."Chuck Coughlin, a veteran Republican strategist, was less emphatic. Though he said too many Democrats were running as progressives in a state that is still conservative and waved off the chance of a defeat for Ducey, who negotiated the pay rise for teachers, he said the Senate seat, held by a conservative Republican since 1995, "clearly leans blue". Immigration has already emerged as a defining issue of the battle for Arizona’s seat. The three Republican candidates have largely embraced Trump’s agenda – policies several party strategists quietly worry are too far right for the general election. The Republican primary is a three-way contest between US congresswoman Martha McSally, a decorated air force veteran and party favorite; Kelli Ward, a former state senator and far-right conservative; and Arpaio, whom Trump pardoned after he was convicted of contempt of court for refusing to stop racially profiling Hispanics. The former sheriff, known here as the "original Trump", has long shared the president’s hardline views. In an interview from his office in Fountain Hills, he pledged to serve only one term – just long enough to help Trump implement his America First policies. "I’m running on my own history," Arpaio said. "But I’m a Trump guy. I was with him from day one." Referring to his primary opponents, he added: "Isn’t it nice they finally learned that the president’s a great guy?"Ward has similarly tied herself to Trump and fully supports his plan to build a wall along the Mexican border and restrict legal immigration. "People say, ‘What about Daca? What about Daca?’" she said, feigning a whiny voice as she discussed the Obama-era policy that protects Dreamers, at a campaign event with controversial former White House adviser Sebastian Gorka. "Well, what about Daca? I do not believe we should address any permanent solution for Daca until we secure the border, stop chain migration…" Her comments were drowned out by rapturous applause. It’s not hard to predict the future when you have the numbersMcSally, the party favorite and one-time Trump critic, has veered right to embrace the president since entering the primary. Earlier this month, she dropped her support for a relatively lenient House immigration bill. She remains a co-sponsor of legislation that would crack down on illegal immigration and sharply restrict legal migration.Democrats hope a nasty Republican primary will open the door to a first Democratic senator in a generation. US congresswoman Kyrsten Sinema, a "Blue Dog" centrist and the presumptive nominee, has positioned herself as an "independent voice" and consensus builder, willing to work across the aisle. While the Republicans vie to be seen as the most conservative, Coughlin said, Sinema is honing a positive, general-election message, in English and Spanish. In his new memoir, McCain, the six-term Arizona senator who is fighting brain cancer at his ranch in Sedona, warns that Republicans are "on the wrong side" of the immigration debate and risk losing Latino voters for a generation."Most Arizona high school seniors are Hispanic," McCain writes. "Do you think most of them would consider voting for the party that pulled their friends out of school, took them away from their teams and clubs and neighborhoods and put them on buses to Mexico?"Juan Mendez, a state senator who is among a growing crop of young Hispanic lawmakers, said his own election was proof that shifting demographics and voter registration efforts are changing the political landscape."The majority of 18-year-olds who are ready to vote each year are Latinos who grew up under Sheriff Joe Arpaio," he said. "But we can’t just bet on the demographics to save us. We have to keep putting up candidates the base can believe in."David Garcia, a veteran and a professor of education at Arizona State University, hopes to become the state’s first Hispanic governor in four decades. His campaign is centered on education and his path to victory runs through Latino communities. "The anomaly has long been Joe Arpaio’s electoral success in this state," he said. "The problem is that the folks who are voting are not reflective of Arizona. When we change that I think you’ll get a chance to hear what I would consider to be the real voice of Arizona." Joseph Garcia, director of the Morrison Institute Latino Public Policy Center at Arizona State University, said Latinos made up more than a fifth of the Arizona electorate in 2016 election but their influence was limited by low voter turnout. A study he worked on, however, found that by 2030 Arizona could become a "blue, progressive state", in large part because of the Latino vote."The die is cast as far as changing demographics [go]," Garcia said. "It’s not hard to predict the future when you have the numbers."But this week the president has gone one step further. In forcing the Department of Justice to launch an investigation into "whether Obama’s FBI and DoJ infiltrated or surveilled our campaign for political purposes", Trump has demonstrated his power to create durable institutional realities out of politically charged falsehoods.This is a disgraceful but not surprising assault on the independence and integrity of the justice department. The refusal or inability to tolerate the independence of law enforcement officials remains the source of Trump’s most persistent problem. In firing James Comey for refusing to indulge Michael Flynn’s crimes and unwind the Russia investigation, Trump invited Robert Mueller’s appointment. Mueller, as we all know, has been looking into whether this firing constituted obstruction of justice. Now piling deflection on obstruction, Trump seeks to distract attention from his prior malfeasance by turning the tables on his investigators. They are the true criminals. The strategy is not without its shrewdness. With his slanders parroted by the likes of Devin Nunes and Trey Gowdy and amplified by his satraps at Fox News and Breitbart, Trump has successfully eroded confidence in the neutrality of the independent counsel. A recent CBS News poll shows that a majority of Americans (53%) believed the Mueller investigation to be politically motivated. This most toxic and divisive of presidents has largely succeeded in turning justice into a partisan issue.As a second matter, in demanding that the justice department investigate the bogus claim of campaign infiltration, Trump manoeuvred the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, into a perilous position. Rosenstein could have resigned out of protest, a result that certainly would have been agreeable to Trump, who despises Rosenstein precisely because he has largely refused to knuckle under to the president. As any possible future firing of Mueller would have to go through the deputy’s office, forcing Rosenstein to resign would perhaps pave the way for Trump to appoint an official more willing to do his dirty work.In point of fact, Rosenstein has not resigned. Rather, he referred the matter to the department’s inspector general with the statement: "If anyone did infiltrate or surveil participants in a presidential campaign for inappropriate purposes, we need to know about it and take appropriate action." This stopped short of launching a criminal investigation, still it handed Trump a victory. He has succeeded in investigating his investigators.Trump’s manoeuvres are no less odious for their shrewdness. His brazen attempt to discredit federal investigators by frontally attacking the Justice Department’s independence is a dangerous and despicable attack on the rule of law that should be added to the ledger of the president’s impeachable offences.Which does not make the attack criminal. Trump’s firing of FBI director Comey arguably obstructed justice, a criminal act. Mueller’s investigation will shed light on this matter, though obviously not to the satisfaction of those who insist the president enjoys plenary control over all executive appointees and thus can fire whom he wants, when he wants and for whatever reason he wants – including to frustrate an ongoing criminal investigation of the president’s own activities.But no such charge can be levied against the president here. In ordering the investigation of his investigators, Trump has committed no crime. No law bars the president from doing what he has done. Rather, we are in the world of norms, precepts essential to the functioning of a constitutional democracy.In a recent article, the law professors Bruce Green and Rebecca Roiphe ask: "Can the president control the Department of Justice?" The question is a bit like asking: "Can you drive 95 miles per hour?" On one level the answer is clearly no. But on another, things are murkier; if there are no police around to stop you, you can drive as fast as you please.In the president’s case, long-standing practice and long operative norms counsel that the president must respect the independence of the Department of Justice. A president who, for example, demanded that federal prosecutors file trumped up charges against a despised journalist would be guilty of a grave violation of these norms. But can he do it? We are back to our reckless driver. Who can stop him? Prosecutors might balk from following the directive; they could resign rather than do the president’s biding.During the Watergate scandal, President Richard Nixon notoriously ordered the firing of special prosecutor Archibald Cox. Both attorney general Elliot Richardson and deputy attorney general William Ruckelshaus resigned rather than execute Nixon’s directive. Cox was ultimately fired by then-solicitor general Robert Bork, but the fallout from what became known as the Saturday Night Massacre made impeachment all but inevitable, hastening Nixon’s resignation. And so we are left with impeachment. We have grown accustomed to endless debates about the questions implicitly raised by the ongoing Mueller probe. Can the special prosecutor compel the testimony of the president by subpoena? Can a sitting president be indicted? Those who claim to offer unequivocal answers to these questions are simply making things up. The fact is, we don’t know the answers because we’ve never had to deal with the issue directly. The idea that the constitution, in its lapidary formulations, offers clear instruction is utterly fatuous. But all the talk about whether indictment can proceed or must follow impeachment creates the impression that a president can only be impeached for having committed crimes and not, say, for his relentless demagogic assaults on constitutional norms and on the rule of law. This is false. Half a century ago, the great political thinker Hannah Arendt wrote: "In constitutionally ruled countries, the political realm has recognized, even in the event of conflict, that it has a stake in the existence of men and institutions over which it has no power." This is a lesson entirely lost on our current president. And for that reason alone he has demonstrated himself richly deserving of impeachment.Donald Trump Jr is a man under pressure, but also in fierce demand.To sworn enemies of Trump World he is at the centre of everything objectionable – from alleged election campaign collusion with Russia and the Trump Organization’s pursuit of global wealth to aggressive trolling of liberals on social media.But, in a parallel political universe, there are the millions of Americans who love him. And, away from the firestorm that is the ongoing Robert Mueller Russia investigation, the president’s eldest son is building a considerable conservative fanbase. This constituency sees him as an authentic figure with a political future – assuming he can get out from under the Mueller investigation.He is also becoming an effective political fundraiser with the support of wealthy loyalist friends like fellow son of a billionaire Tommy Hicks Jr. And America’s millions of hunters and shooters adore him on social media and regularly exhort him to run in 2024.Now he is preparing to step out as a star turn for Republicans who have shown fealty to the Trump agenda as they fight for their political lives in November’s crucial midterm elections. He is busy building his own profile. Last week, West Virginia Republican Patrick Morrisey, who is hoping to unseat Democratic senator Joe Manchin in November, announced Trump Jr would join him for a 5 June fundraiser lunch with tickets going for up to $5,400.Trump Jr will also headline an August fundraiser in a private Long Island mansion for New York congressman Lee Zeldin, who has been a vocal critic of the Mueller investigation and who last week joined a group of House Republicans in calling for a rival special counsel inquiry into the Department of Justice and the FBI.Boyd Matheson, Republican strategist and a former congressional chief of staff, said of Trump Jr: "From the Republican party standpoint, he very much is the guy. He can be the face, he can go out with the hunters."But it is not all plain sailing. Many conservative groups are wary of getting too close not because of the question marks over Trump Jr, Matheson said. "Some of them are waiting for the next shoe to drop. Has he done something that’s beyond unethical or moral, has he broken laws, done things that are gonna be big issues?"While he has been de facto head of the family firm since "the big guy", as he calls his father, became president, Trump Jr seems to more commonly have his next outdoor adventure in his sights.As his 1.1 million Instagram followers know, Trump Jr was up a mountain in Utah spending "quality time in the woods" with a group of friends, when the latest wave of scrutiny hit his complicated life amid revelations of a previously unknown meeting with people seeking access to his father.His Instagram pictures show him dressed in full camouflage Kuiu mountain gear at 10,000ft, then meeting Robert J O’Neill, the former US Navy Seal who fired the shot that killed Osama bin Laden (prompting social media fans to bill them as a 2024 election dream team).Trump may have been in a shirt monogrammed with his initials for that one – because the son of a New York billionaire cannot always be successfully camouflaged – but he is authentically rugged.Hunting, fishing, free-diving for conch, or "ripping it up" on his Sabercat 700 snowmobile, a visit to the Trump Jr social media feed is like going on the set of an action movie, where no trout, shark or quail is safe. If he is not "getting a little range time" with his buddies in Texas, he’s off in the Yukon surviving on freeze-dried rations and melted snow.There are 11.5 million hunters in the United States and Trump Jr treats them as his constituency, along with the National Rifle Association supporters of the second amendment right to bear arms.Mike Siaperas, who has known Trump Jr since election year, hosted him at his ranch in south-eastern Utah this month, where his company 106 Reforestation pioneers techniques for clearing and regrowing Aspen trees at high altitude, to encourage wildlife and prevent catastrophic wildfires."My whole work has been based on conservation the past five to 10 years, and Don Jr was gracious enough to come and see the work I have done," he said. "And as far as I am concerned, Don Jr is probably the best thing that has ever happened to conservation and wildlife in the past 100 years. Everything about him is genuine. He’s an amazing gentleman."I know there’s a perception of him out there in different ways, but he’s by far, probably the most important single man in the United States for conservation and wildlife."Asked if he thought Trump Jr wanted to run for office himself, Siaperis said: "Yeah, that’s his goal. I don’t have those conversations with him, but from my standpoint, if he ever decided to do that, that would be the most important vote I ever cast in my lifetime."There are a lot of posers on the path to political office; he’s not that. He’s the real deal."Trump Jr has laughed off earlier suggestions he might run to become governor of New York. But for some observers, he has given the impression ever since he gave an antagonistic speech at the 2016 Republican convention in Cleveland, that he thought he might be the next in line in a great political dynasty.Black hair slicked back, cries of "Trump, Trump, Trump" ringing in his ears, he seemed like a more controlled version of his father – just as pugnacious, but more packaged.For now, however, special counsel Mueller is still circling, investigating his role in possible collusion between Russia and the Trump election campaign.Trump Jr brokered that Trump Tower meeting with Russians who had promised to deliver damaging dirt on Hillary Clinton, emailing a fixer: "If it’s what you say, I love it."Further emails showed that when the meeting eventually came to light, the Trump Organization coordinated with the Russians involved on what to tell the public.While Trump Jr was heading west to Utah, the New York Times published details of another election year meeting when Trump Jr was told by an emissary for two princes from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates that they were eager to help his father win the presidency.There is no evidence that the meeting led to anything, but it further muddies Trump World’s already murky pool of overlapping interests.Democratic senator Chris Coons has urged the senate judiciary committee to call Trump Jr back for an open hearing amid concerns he may have lied to Congress about his knowledge of foreign assistance offers to the Trump campaign.Separately, ethics watchdogs in Washington have eyes on his business dealings at the Trump Organization. Trump Jr is a private citizen and, unlike his sister Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner, plays no formal part in the administration. But the upending of convention which has come with the Trump White House means that the son is an important figure at the nexus of the family’s web of interests."When it comes to Don Jr, a lot of what we look at has to do with how the Trump campaign, the Trump Organization and the Trump administration tend to all overlap, and he seems to be at the centre of a lot of that," said Jordan Libowitz, communications director at the legal watchdog organization Crew (Citizens for responsibility and ethics in Washington)."He seems to be running the Trump Organization, and that makes you question what kind of firewall there is between him and his father. They might claim there is one, but there doesn’t seem to be much of one at all."Reassurances were given a few days before Trump’s inauguration that there would be "no new foreign deals", but the Center for American Progress (Cap), the progressive thinktank which has been tracking Trump’s global conflicts of interest, notes the pledge has proven to be an elastic concept.Libowitz at Crew, and John Norris and senior analyst Carolyn Kenney at Cap see troubling conflicts in a range of ongoing projects – four luxury Trump Tower residential buildings in India; a Malaysian government-funded toll road connecting to a Trump property in Bali; the sudden granting of trademark licences in China.They also raise questions about projects in Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Dubai and Indonesia all continuing in conjunction with international diplomatic and trade discussions.Trump Jr’s trip to India in February revealed that wealthy investors could pay for access to the president’s son by agreeing to buy an apartment. "During his last visit newspapers all around the country had front page adverts in which they offered for a down payment, a chance to meet with him and have dinner with him," Libowitz said. "So access to Don Jr is certainly available for the right price – that raises the question whether there is by proxy access to the president."Trump Jr has also been cashing in with paid speeches – including one to graduating American students in Dubai. His agent for speaking appearances lists his fee as starting from $50,000.Trump Jr also faces further scrutiny over his private life. The 40-year-old, who had to endure his own parents painfully public divorce, is now also going through a marriage breakup of his own. But Trump Jr drives on, full of #Maga #winning bravado, slaying the haters and losers as his father’s greatest online cheerleader.For the west’s enemies and critics, the new chaos is welcome. Russia’s Vladimir Putin and China’s Xi Jinping are united in their view that the postwar order was a victor’s order, organised to suit US interests and from which it has benefited hugely. China chafes under the supremacy of the dollar, the US’s network of military bases, its dominance of the great international institutions and the way global trade and financial flows centre on the US.Russia still smarts from how the ring of satellite countries that constituted the Soviet Union have since detached themselves from Russian influence. Putin wants to level the score – witness his invasion of Crimea, his siege of Ukraine (involving, we now learn, the Russian shooting down of flight MH17, killing all 298 passengers) and his armies massing on the frontiers of the Baltic republics.Both see yet more opportunities spinning out of Trump’s incredible stupidity in deliberately destabilising the very system from which the US benefits so much. His waywardness is offering the chance to create new Russian and Chinese spheres of influence. China is being given the chance to dominate Asia, Russia the chance to recreate the Soviet Union’s influence in its old borderlands. And both can do it while talking the language of peace and respect for obvious global menaces such as climate change. Has a bigger fool ever occupied the White House?Trump’s fights and deals may reward the rich, but many of the disenfranchised rally to the philosophy of self-assertionIn Trumpland, however, both he and his " base" see themselves as advancing America first. It is a universe that has created its own hermetically sealed reality. Trump’s long, rambling folksy speeches at his rallies – he uses "folks" a lot, diving into eccentric diversions at enormous length – are bound together by a combination of paranoia, vanity, prejudice and jokiness that is as curiously compelling as it is bonkers. But the unifying theme is that life is a zero-sum game: there are never gains from collaboration, no virtue in sharing and no value in anything but asserting your own will – with a gun, with a cheque book or with a missile. Give no quarter, look for the other side’s weakness and brutally cut the deal to walk away taller and prouder yourself. Trump’s fights and deals may reward the rich, but many of the disenfranchised rally to the philosophy of uncompromising self-assertion. It’s potent and it’s dangerous.Thus the twists and turns in American foreign policy. Iran has to be seen to kowtow to US will. Palestinians must accept the new Middle Eastern reality: there will be a US embassy in Jerusalem. Thus China is threatened with swingeing tariffs to be suspended only after it blinks first. Nato is tolerated because members are increasing defence spending as demanded. The US will only re-enter the Paris climate change accords if the world reshapes it wholly to accommodate US interests. North Korea must overtly bend to US will if there is to be a summit. Foreign policy has become a series of zero-sum games: the US has to win each one.This may work with Trump’s base – but it is a ludicrous way for the superpower to behave. For a start, it abandons any attempt to sustain world affairs systemically around a coherent set of shared principles or maintain the US’s leading role in its varying alliances. The world system, based on the dollar, Pax Americana and economic openness, is the foundation not only of global trade growth and prosperity since the Second World War but also of the US’s own economic model; it is why its hi-tech multinationals, rather than China’s, are world actors. By undermining the system, Trump will lose the benefits of systemic gain for tiny wins – and often not even for those.Furthermore, it fragments the entire alliance network– and legitimises Russia and China. Thus Russia and the Europeans are acting in concert to sustain the Iranian denuclearisation deal. The EU is refusing a transatlantic trade deal until the US recommits to the Paris climate change agreement, with China and Russia positioning themselves as on the side of the angels. China may increase its purchases of US soya bean and oil – the reason why the trade war was suspended – but it’s hardly worth endangering the world trade system. Meanwhile, it encourages Asian countries to sign up for China’s belt and road initiative, trade sphere and Asian bank.Worse, it makes everyone else adopt the same dog-eat-dog value system. The lesson of history is unambiguous. When the international system becomes a cockpit for economic, trade and national rivalry, armed conflict becomes more likely. Trump and the incompetent ideologues around him may welcome that: nobody else does.The best response is to show no weakness and stand up to him, as France’s Emmanuel Macron and Germany’s Angela Merkel do. And try to keep what is left of the international system together until eventually Trump is either impeached or voted out of office. But Macron and Merkel have the power of the EU behind them, itself now the world’s best and most powerful custodian of a rules-based international system. Britain is a weakened onlooker – a flyblown lion unable to muster more than a whimper. Our capacity is reduced by Brexit, just as we – and the world – need so much more.• Will Hutton is an Observer columnistGeorge W Bush famously said family values don’t stop at the Rio Grande river. It was his way of answering all those angry questions on the campaign trail about how he would stop "illegal immigrants".If moms and dads couldn’t feed their kids in Mexico, he explained, they would try to provide for their families in the United States.Bush badly misjudged his party, as well as his own powers of persuasion. His efforts at immigration reform died along with his domestic influence. But that wasn’t the end of his party’s long journey away from his values.Now, under his Republican successor, it is official US policy to deny family values for the undocumented migrants who cross the Rio Grande. Earlier this month, the Department of Homeland Security adopted a new policy to start criminal prosecutions of parents crossing the border illegally, and to place their children in protective custody. It wasn’t enough to deported undocumented people. Now the Trump administration would actively break up their families.This is not just an inhuman policy that violates any meaning of the words "family values". It’s also recklessly incompetent about children’s safety, since the federal government has lost track of almost 1,500 of children in its supposed custody. For the American Civil Liberties Union, it’s unconstitutional because it denies migrant families due process. How did we get to the point where the supposed party of family values believes the best way to stop undocumented migration is to break up families?The answer starts with the demonization of such migrants: they aren’t moms and dads, but criminals. And we all know what kind of criminals Donald Trump has in mind when he talks about undocumented people: the tiny sliver who form part of the brutal MS-13 gang. For Trump, there is a vast army of MS-13 murderers out there, a force that rivals our own military in size. Otherwise it’s hard to understand the numbers he cited at the top of his infamous discussion about California’s so-called sanctuary laws earlier this month."California’s law provides safe harbor to some of the most vicious and violent offenders on Earth, like MS-13 gang members, putting innocent men, women and children at the mercy of these sadistic criminals," he said. "But we’re moving them out of this country by the thousands. MS-13, we’re grabbing them by the thousands and we’re getting them out."By the thousands. Thousands and thousands of gang members getting deported, meaning the gang represents, what, hundreds of thousands of people? The FBI estimated the gang’s numbers between 6,000 and 10,000 in the US.This worldview is the context for Trump’s deportation policies and his comments just a few minutes later. "We have people coming into the country, or trying to come in – and we’re stopping a lot of them – but we’re taking people of the country. You wouldn’t believe how bad these people are. These aren’t people. These are animals."Yes, he was talking about gang members. He just happens to believe there are thousands and thousands of them pouring across the border. And it’s so much easier to break up families if you think there are thousands and thousands of animals, not humans, among them. It is a remarkable gang that recruits so many mothers and young children to fill its ranks of murderers.Trump has demonized migrants as violent criminals from the start of his presidential campaign. We’ve come to expect him to use these neo-Nazi tactics, to re-tweet actual neo-Nazis and to express his sympathies for neo-Nazis screaming for racial purity. As George W Bush never said, this hard bigotry has given us such low expectations.But it hasn’t yet hardened us to the hollow hypocrisy of those claiming to support family friendly policies within Trump’s own family.Chief among those is his daughter Ivanka, who styles herself on Twitter as a "wife, mother, sister, daughter" ahead of her job as a presidential adviser. Were it not for her father’s policies and repeated comments, it might be admirable that she has been an advocate for working mothers and paid family leave. We might just appreciate the cuteness of the family photo of her snuggling up to her young son.Instead, she looks like she is either out of touch with her father’s policies, or out of the loop. There’s little point in advocating for families while your own administration is breaking them up intentionally as some kind of deterrent to immigration. Never mind that none of Ivanka’s policy proposals have made it into reality; she works inside an executive branch that is actively working against what she says she stands for.Whether she is ineffective or just ignorant, Ivanka’s inability to see outside her soft-focus bubble poses some pretty fundamental questions about her own political aspirations. According to Michael Wolff, Ivanka believes she will be the first woman president. Such delusions are not just a personal affliction, apparently: her own mother thinks she’ll run for president in 15 years or so. She might start laying the groundwork by blocking her own father’s policies separating children from their parents.In the meantime, her father naturally blames everyone but himself. According to the president, his immigration policies are dictated to him by the all-powerful Democrats who currently control no part of the federal government. "Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S.," he tweeted on Saturday, ignoring good sense as well as good spelling. He concluded the nonsensical tweet with an all-caps scream: "DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS."It’s not clear what planet Trump is living on, but it is a terrifyingly confusing one. Democrats are both punishing undocumented families and protecting them. Trump is but a hapless and impotent observer of this nightmare he presides over. For such a good family man, this is something of a stormy scenario. Because when it comes to Trump’s compassion for families, there’s just no there, there.Ivanka Trump’s fashion and homewares business received initial approval from the Chinese government for five trademark applications days before her father announced a U-turn in policy on ZTE, a Chinese telecoms firm that has admitted breaking US sanctions on Iran and North Korea.Chinese trademark documents detailing the approvals were made public by Citizens for Ethics and Responsibility in Washington (Crew), a watchdog group. The group said the first daughter and White House adviser, who represents the US at diplomatic events, already held more than a dozen trademarks in China and multiple pending applications. Donald Trump holds more than 100 trademarks in China.The five approvals, for applications made in 2017, came through on 7 May. On 13 May, Trump made the surprise announcement that he had instructed the Department of Commerce to help get ZTE "back into business". In April, the US government accused ZTE of misleading regulators after it settled charges of violating sanctions against North Korea and Iran. Its punishment was to be banned from US suppliers for seven years.The latest registration approvals won by Ivanka Trump Marks LLC include business trademark rights on goods including bathmats, textiles and baby blankets. While Ivanka Trump has stepped back from running the company while serving as an adviser to her father, she continues to profit from the business.In the last three months, with what experts say is unusual speed, China has granted final approval for 13 trademarks and provisional approval for eight more. According to the New York Times, Ivanka Trump now holds 34 trademarks in the world’s second-largest economy. While she does not have a large business in China, most of her US imports are shipped from there. Clothing has been exempted from tariffs threatened by her father as part of his aggressive trade policy.Crew executive director Noah Bookbinder told the Associated Press the timing of the announcement "raises significant questions about corruption, as it invites the possibility that [Ivanka Trump] could be benefiting financially from her position and her father’s presidency or that she could be influenced in her policy work by countries’ treatment of her business".In an open letter, Crew chair and former White House ethics chief Norm Eisen and Fred Wertheimer, president of Democracy 21, a nonprofit that advocates for campaign finance reform, wrote that Donald Trump’s children, Ivanka, Donald Jr and Eric, and son-in-law Jared Kushner "engage in business activities and trade on their relationship with the president to pursue business deals and accumulate wealth".Some countries, they said, "will no doubt see this as a way to curry favor with President Trump".Trump initiated a trade dispute with China earlier this year, imposing tariffs on steel and aluminium imports and later demanding that China boost imports by $200bn. In retaliation, China said it would target imports of US soybean and pork products. Amidst negotiations, the "trade war" was recently placed "on hold", in the words of treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin.By far the most politically contentious aspect of the dispute involves ZTE. The telecom giant is dependent on imports of US-made chips and was facing bankruptcy. In what was widely viewed as a peace offering to Beijing, Trump lifted the US ban, so long as ZTE committed to buying US parts and paid a $1.3bn fine.The move was widely opposed in the US. On Sunday, the Florida Republican senator Marco Rubio warned that Congress would move to block the deal. "None of these companies should be operating in this country," Rubio told Face the Nation on CBS, also naming the Chinese telecoms firm Huawei. "None of them."Trump has defended his move, tweeting earlier this month that it was "reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi [Jinping]".Representatives for Ivanka Trump did not immediately answer media requests for comment.Jonathan Meades has taken a swig from an Alice "drink-me" bottle. He’s tiny, sitting on a used syringe, on a cigarette butt, among the trash. Because he’s not in Wonderland, he’s in the gutter: a place where slang is the lingua franca.Jonathan Meades On Jargon (BBC Four) begins with a splendid and heartening defence of slang. Slang is centripetal, it gets to the core of what we actually think rather than what we are bullied into thinking (and not thinking). It is creative: "Slang is about showing off, about increasing one’s idiolect, about finding a better expression for blowjob than blowjob. It’s about flexing one’s lingo-muscle," he says, flexing his; also possibly – cunningly – finding a better expression for blowjob than blowjob. Fancy a lingo flex? No, maybe not better.Sometime you need to hit the pause button to properly appreciate a Meades missile, for it to sink inMeades is immensely proud of adding to the already brimming store of words for drunk with "Badered" (ie legless, like the air ace), and to the sexual lexicon with "rubbing offal" for intercourse.Jargon, to Meade, means the "prissy net curtains of language". The language of the trained liar, it is everything slang is not: "Centrifugal, evasive, drably euphemistic, unthreatening, conformist." While slang belongs to the gutter, "jargon belongs to the executive estate," he says. "It is the clumsy, graceless, inelegant, aesthetically bereft expression of houses with three garages … It is delusional, it inflates pomposity, officiousness and self-importance, rather than punctures them."Ooh, that’s good isn’t it? Sometime you need to hit the pause button to properly appreciate a Meades missile, for it to sink in. Rewind and repeat. I also like "the more one sees of this end of humankind, the more one’s milk of human kindness turns sour", and so much more.His tirade demonstrates how jargon has infected everything: politics and business – of course – law, journalism, television, football, football punditry, art, especially art ... It’s a pandemic. And, because you can’t separate jargon from its users, it’s a deliciously personal attack, too. Plenty to think about for: Boris Johnson, Theresa May, Philip May, George Osborne, Tony Blair, the Trump lout, the Trump lout’s counselor Kellyanne Conway, footballers Alan Shearer and Joey Barton, former Tate director Nicholas Serota (especially Serota, Meades really doesn’t like him), and so, so many more. You possibly, me certainly, it’s easy to allow it in, lazily. I’ll be running this through the jargon-check, and if any remains, it’ll be there knowingly and ironically, OK?It’s not just about what we say, it’s the way we say it. Regional accents come in for a surprise and unfashionable attack, they are "apartheid disguised as vibrant diversity". Received pronunciation, RP, on the other hand is an instrument of social … hmmm … that needs a pause, to ponder.You don’t have to agree with all of it. I’m there with about 90%, everything on jargon and slang, less convinced by the apartheid geordies and Scots, even if it is very funny (of the 55,000 Gaelic speakers in Scotland, "65,000 work for the BBC"). And is it necessary to mention Conway’s face and that she was the New Jersey Blueberry Princess of 1983 – which seem to be an attack on her looks and her age – when her real crime was to bring us "a despicable new turd of jargon: alternative facts"?It’s meant to provoke, and does. It’s also blisteringly brutal, clever and hilarious. Meades is a rare thing on television: properly different. Sporadically he pops up to deliver a polemic in his inimitable style: deadpan, still, no walking towards you or waving his arms about, no TV cliches. The sunglasses have gone, sadly, perhaps the subject of jargon is so serious it requires eye contact.It still manages to be visually interesting on what looks like a budget of about forty quid. Little plastic figures mow and rub offal on the bonnet of a toy gold Range Rover. A rotting fish head is covered in flies, because jargon, too, begins at the top and putrefies downward. Careful, Serota might find the fish head relevant, buy it for a billion pounds and put it in a gallery, where a cult of people can come and spout incomprehensible guff about it. "We shall go on mocking," says Meades, reassuringly.• Since Moon Jae-in of South Korea and Kim Jong-un of the North seem to have good personal chemistry and a clear vested interest in progress, why not cut out the foolish, overblown middleman – Donald Trump – and let them get on with it (Trump-Kim summit still on track says Moon after surprise meeting, 28 May)?Ian BartlettEast Molesey, Surrey• I can assure Myles Flynn (Letters, 26 May) that a thank-you from passengers to bus drivers is just as common in Oxford as it is in Edinburgh. I know because I live in one and frequently visit the other.Katherine El-SalahiOxford• In 38 years’ residence in Sheffield I have observed that thanking the bus driver is a near-universal practice. I couldn’t have said the same of my native London when I moved north, but I find when visiting that the habit is spreading.Valerie BaylissSheffield• I have found a simple solution (How the humble stapler came to one reader’s aid, 28 May): my butler staples the Guardian before ironing it.Alan GledhillLeicester• Join the debate – email guardian.letters@theguardian.com• Read more Guardian letters – click here to visit gu.com/lettersNorth Korea’s top nuclear negotiator and former spy chief is due to arrive in New York on Wednesday for talks aimed at salvaging a June summit between Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un.Kim Yong-chol, a veteran of the regime in Pyongyang who will be the most senior North Korean official to visit the US in 18 years, will hold talks with the US secretary of state, Mike Pompeo, following a flurry of diplomatic activity over the weekend.The 72-year-old general, the vice-chairman of the ruling Workers’ party who has served three generations of the Kim dynasty, stopped in Beijing on Tuesday night, where he was reported to have held talks with Chinese officials before his onward flight.Trump confirmed that the general was on his way in a tweet on Tuesday morning, after South Korean media reported that he was on a passenger list for a Wednesday flight from Beijing to New York.The president described the impending visit as a "solid response" to his letter to the North Korean leader on Thursday cancelling their planned summit on 12 June, blaming a bellicose statement from North Korean officials.US officials had also said that the North Koreans had failed to appear for a planning meeting and did not answer their phones for several days last week. Trump has since claimed that the summit could take place on schedule.We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you!The Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday that the Trump administration had indefinitely delayed sanctions on North Korea which had been due to take effect on Tuesday, in a bid to improve the conditions for a summit.Sarah Sanders, the White House spokeswoman said in a statement on Tuesday: "Since the President’s 24 May letter to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, the North Koreans have been engaging. The United States continues to actively prepare for President Trump’s expected summit with leader Kim in Singapore."Sanders said Trump would meet Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe, on 7 June at the White House in the run-up to a G7 summit in Quebec and the planned summit with Kim.A team of US negotiators, headed by Washington’s current ambassador to the Philippines, Sung Kim, met North Korean officials in the demilitarised zone (DMZ) that divides the two Koreas, on Sunday, and are due to have further meetings there over the course of this week, according to Sanders.She said a separate team of White House officials, led by the deputy chief of staff, Joe Hagin, was in Singapore, "coordinating logistics for the expected summit". According to the Japanese public broadcaster, NHK, Kim Chang-son, the de facto chief of staff to the North Korean leader, had also flown to Singapore for the talks.While the Singapore meetings are about logistics, the DMZ talks are about the substance of the talks, and the challenge of bridging a yawning gap between the two parties’ negotiating positions. Trump and top US officials have hitherto insisted that North Korea unilaterally and completely dismantles its nuclear weapons programme, handing over warheads, fissile material and related equipment to the US, before receiving any reciprocal benefits. Pyongyang has rejected unilateral disarmament. It sees denuclearisation as a phased and mutual process.The last member of the North Korean leadership to visit the US was vice-marshal Jo Myong-rok, who went to California and then Washington for a White House meeting with Bill Clinton in October 2000. The two governments came close to a summit meeting and a disarmament agreement, but the plans were derailed by the US presidential election the following month, narrowly won by George W Bush, who cut off all contacts with Pyongyang.A state department report on religious freedom around the world published on Tuesday estimated that 80,000 to 120,000 political prisoners are in detention camps in North Korea, under "horrific conditions" in remote areas.Sam Brownback, the US ambassador-at-large for international religious freedom, said: "What we know is that you’ve got a gulag system operating in North Korea, and it’s been a terrible situation for many – for many years. You can go on satellite, open-source satellite, and see some of these camps and the situation."Asked if human rights would come up in a Trump-Kim summit, Brownback replied: "The president is right on point on North Korea. He’s very engaged on this, as you know. The secretary [Pompeo] is very engaged on this. And I think they’re raising all of these issues.""Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself," the US president tweeted. "I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!"The Washington Post first reported that the US officials had crossed into North Korea. The Post said Sung Kim, US ambassador to the Philippines, was with Allison Hooker, Korea expert on the White House National Security Council, and a Pentagon official and had met Choe Son Hui, the North Korean vice-foreign minister.Later, a state department spokeswoman said the US delegation was in "ongoing talks with North Korean officials at Panmunjom", a village on the border between North and South Korea. White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said a "pre-advance team" had left for Singapore to work on logistics. Before Trump’s supposed cancellation of the meeting on Thursday, the summit had been set for 12 June.On Saturday, South Korean president Moon Jae-in met Kim Jong-un in a surprise move. On Sunday Moon said Kim was committed to meeting Trump and achieving complete denuclearisation. Amid hugs and smiles, Moon met Kim on the North Korean side of Panmunjom, the site of their first meeting a month earlier. The atmosphere was "just like an ordinary meeting between friends" and the two held "candid talks", Moon said. A video released by the South Korean presidential office had the audio replaced with dramatic music, showing the two men embracing, both with wide smiles.The spontaneous offer by Kim to meet, and Moon’s quick acceptance, showed how close the two leaders have become. It capped a whirlwind 24 hours of diplomacy as Moon scrambled to salvage the summit between Trump and Kim. On Saturday evening at the White House, as Moon was briefing reporters on his meeting with Kim, Trump suggested a climbdown was possible."We’re doing very well in terms of the summit with North Korea," Trump said. "It’s moving along very nicely. So we’re looking at 12 June in Singapore. That hasn’t changed. So, we’ll see what happens."In the US on Sunday, James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence, told CNN’s State of the Union he wanted the summit to go ahead, saying: "There’s value [in] having gone this far, there’s value in meeting and greeting, gripping and grinning, and having the summit." Clapper also said he thought "Kim Jong-un may have met his match here with a very hard, very unconventional president".No one should expect Trump to fly to Singapore and leave with all of North Korea’s nukesMichael Hayden, a former director of the CIA, was less sure Trump would have an advantage. He told ABC’s This Week: "Kim Jong-un knows his programme inside and out. I think he knows what he can concede. I don’t know that the president has done the kind of homework that would allow him to do this." Discussing the Saturday talks, Moon said Kim "once again committed to complete denuclearisation". But he repeatedly refused to answer questions on how North Korea would relinquish its nuclear weapons or if it would allow international experts to inspect nuclear facilities, issues which have hung over discussions between Washington and Pyongyang.US officials have demanded North Korea unilaterally disarm before earning concessions on sanctions or a pledge of non-aggression. Pyongyang prefers phased negotiations and concessions. Kim expressed "his fixed will on the historic" meeting with Trump, according to the North’s state-run Korean Central News Agency. Photos of the Moon-Kim meeting were printed on the front of the Rodong Sinmun, the Workers’ party newspaper. "It’s strategically smart for Kim to invite Moon for a face to face meeting, it helps portray him in the public eye as a very friendly, diplomacy-oriented statesman," said Jenny Town, managing editor of monitoring group 38 North. "It really offsets the tone Kim’s regime has put forward with statements threatening nuclear war."But Town warned there was still a chasm between Washington and Pyongyang on core issues, saying there was little point in holding a summit that lacked substance."This is not diplomacy, it’s political theatre," she said. "There is no trust between the two right now, so why would Kim trust any US security guarantee on paper? Trust on both sides need to be built over time and no one should expect Trump to fly to Singapore and leave with all of North Korea’s nukes." Moon said: "The path to complete denuclearisation and full peace was never going to be an easy one." He added: "I’m sure we will succeed."Moon also said he hoped there could be a meeting between North Korea, South Korea and the US to formally end the Korean war, which ceased with an armistice in 1953. He praised Kim for announcing a moratorium on nuclear and missile tests, as well as the closing of a nuclear test site this week. The two sides are set to hold "high-level talks" on 1 June as well as military discussions and efforts to set up reunions between divided families.Roseanne Barr’s revived sitcom has been cancelled after she posted a racist and Islamophobic tweet that attacked former Obama White House adviser Valerie Jarrett.The sitcom star falsely alleged that Jarrett, who was born in Iran to American parents, has connections to the Muslim Brotherhood, and compared her to an ape. Barr wrote: "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj," using Jarrett’s initials.ABC swiftly announced the show’s cancellation. The network said in a statement: "Roseanne’s Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show."Bob Iger, the chief executive of Disney, which owns ABC, supported the decision. Iger wrote on Twitter: "There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing."Barr, one of Donald Trump’s most high-profile supporters, apologized for the post as outrage grew, and announced she’d be quitting Twitter. She also deleted the tweet.Barr was replying to a post from a user that accused Jarrett, a long-serving adviser to the president, of covering up the Obama administration’s alleged "misdeeds".When a Twitter user told Barr that her tweet was offensive and racist – Jarrett is African American – Barr responded by writing: "Muslims r NOT a race." Shortly after, Barr reiterated her stance in another post: "ISLAM is not a RACE, lefties. Islam includes EVERY RACE of people."Barr later apologized. She wrote: "I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks. I should have known better. Forgive me – my joke was in bad taste."MSNBC reported that Jarrett received a call from Iger before news broke of the cancellation. "This should be a teaching moment," she said. Barr’s tweets sparked condemnation from many prominent figures, including one of the sitcom’s consulting producers, Wanda Sykes, who announced that she would not be returning for the proposed second season.Barr’s co-star Sara Gilbert, who plays Darlene, condemned the tweets as "abhorrent". Gilbert wrote: "Roseanne’s recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least."The 65-year-old Barr has been in the public eye recently after her eponymous sitcom returned after a two-decade hiatus. The now-cancelled show was ABC’s most-watched "new" series, averaging almost 18 million viewers per episode. In the show, Roseanne Conner plays a working-class Trump supporter, but Barr herself has not been shy about her allegiance to the president, frequently engaging with his critics online and peddling conspiracy theories shared by Trump’s base, such as "Pizzagate", "Pedogate" and theories about the murder of former Democratic National Committee staffer Seth Rich.Barr on Monday also attacked Chelsea Clinton on Twitter, writing "Chelsea Soros Clinton" and claiming the former first daughter is connected to George Soros. Barr said Soros wants to "overthrow" the "US constitutional republic by buying/backing candidates 4 local district attorney races who will ignore US law & favor ‘feelings’ instead-and call everyone who is alarmed by that ‘racist’."Barr also retweeted a post comparing Clinton to Donkey from Shrek.After Clinton replied with a tweet of her own, Barr apologized in sarcastic fashion. "Sorry to have tweeted incorrect info about you!," she wrote, again invoking Soros, a frequent target of Trump and the right. "I Please forgive me! By the way, George Soros is a nazi who turned in his fellow Jews 2 be murdered in German concentration camps & stole their wealth-were you aware of that? But, we all make mistakes, right Chelsea?"A spokesperson for Soros called the tweet "an affront".After her tweets and the outrage that followed, Barr announced she was quitting the site. "I apologize," she wrote. "I am now leaving Twitter."News of Roseanne’s cancellation was met with cautious positivity in Hollywood. Actor and comedian Kumail Nanjiani tweeted: "I’m glad Roseanne is canceled. The backlash to its cancellation is going to be a deafening nightmare. Nothing good has come of this entire thing."Westworld star Jeffrey Wright was also concerned about the reaction from the right. "Aaaaannnd cue the people who just celebrated the NFL targeting player protests defending Roseanne Barr now on 1st amendment grounds. 3,2,1....popcorn," he tweeted.Bruce Helford, the Roseanne show’s executive producer and showrunner, said he was "horrified" by the comments. Helford wrote: "On behalf of all the writers and producers, we worked incredibly hard to create an amazing show. I was personally horrified and saddened by the comments and in no way do they reflect the values of the people who worked so hard to make this the iconic show that it is."Barr has also been dropped by her agency ICM Partners. "We are all greatly distressed by the disgraceful and unacceptable tweet from Roseanne Barr this morning," a statement read. "What she wrote is antithetical to our core values, both as individuals and as an agency. Consequently, we have notified her that we will not represent her. Effective immediately, Roseanne Barr is no longer a client.""Of course we have to do it to defend the president," Trump’s lawyer told CNN State of the Union host Dana Bash, who accused him of being part of a campaign to undermine the Mueller investigation. Trump has repeatedly called the special counsel’s work a "witch hunt", despite its producing five guilty pleas, including by three former Trump aides, and evidence of Russian tampering in US elections."It is for public opinion," Giuliani said of his public campaign of dissimulation. "Because eventually the decision here is going to be impeach or not impeach. Members of Congress, Democrats and Republicans, are going to be informed a lot by their constituents. And so our jury – and it should be – is the American people."So Republicans largely, many independents, even some Democrats now question the legitimacy of [the Mueller investigation]," Giuliani said. "Democrats I would suggest for their own self-interest, this is not a good issue to go into the midterms." As Giuliani acknowledged the political nature of his public campaign against Mueller, Trump advanced that campaign on Twitter, lamenting what he said were "young and beautiful lives … devastated and destroyed" by the investigation of alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia."They went back home in tatters!" Trump wrote. It was unclear who he was talking about.Trump, Giuliani and other allies claim reports that an FBI informant monitored links between Trump aides and Russia show there was a "spy" on the Trump campaign. Senior figures in the intelligence community have rubbished such claims.This is part of the propaganda machine. Let’s spread a completely fallacious story and say it needs to be investigatedOn ABC’s This Week on Sunday, the Democrat Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House intelligence committee, said: "This is part of the propaganda machine. Let’s spread a completely fallacious story and then say it needs to be investigated, and give it a life of its own."The Arizona senator Jeff Flake, a rare Republican critic of Trump, told NBC’s Meet the Press the "Spygate" claims were a "diversion tactic, obviously". He added: "There is concern that the president is laying the groundwork to [fire] Bob Mueller or [deputy attorney general Rod] Rosenstein. If that were to happen, obviously, that would cause a constitutional crisis." According to a CNN poll from 10 May, views of the Mueller investigation have shifted significantly among Republicans since March. The poll found that Republican approval of Mueller had declined to 17%, from 29%. Approval among Democrats had fallen slightly, from 69% to 64%. A majority of respondents from both parties disapproved of Trump’s handling of the Mueller investigation.Giuliani is a former US attorney for the southern district of New York. In his CNN appearance, he called former CIA director John Brennan and former director of national intelligence James Clapper, both fierce critics of Trump, "two clowns"."I have no regard at all for Brennan or Clapper. I think they’re two clowns…" Giuliani said. "They’re not civil servants as far as I know."Clapper told the same show: "In the space of a week I’ve progressed from being the dumbest intelligence officer on the planet, from President Trump, to a clown. So it’s progress, I guess."Michael Hayden, another former director of the CIA, told ABC that Trump was "simply trying to delegitimize Mueller … and he’s willing to throw anything against the wall. "From the outside looking in, from everything I know, everyone has handled this just about the way it should have been handled."Giuliani’s month-old job as a spokesman for the president has been marked by confusion, contradiction and scandal. He began by saying money used to seal a 2016 hush agreement with the porn actor Stormy Daniels had come from Trump, who had earlier flatly denied, on camera, any knowledge of the $130,000."We’re not changing any stories," Trump told reporters. Trump has denied having an affair with Daniels.Giuliani also said earlier this month Trump would have had his personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, pay off women in addition to Daniels "if necessary". Giuliani told ABC he had "no knowledge" of any other payments to women.Trump has repeatedly excused and praised Giuliani. "He started yesterday," Trump said on 4 May. "He’ll get his facts straight. It’s actually very simple, there has been a lot of misinformation really."The world of literature has its own level of phoniness, Salman Rushdie has admitted, but it is nothing compared with the wild insincerity levels of film and television. "Believe nothing," he said.In an entertaining interview at the Hay literary festival in Wales Rushdie revealed the bruising experience he had with the US TV company Showtime, which approached him seven years ago to write a series.He had a science fiction idea and submitted four or five drafts of the pilot episode. "Every time I sent them a draft, they would say: ‘This is the best thing we have ever seen, never in the history of television … it is original and startling and mind blowing, we are so totally with it!’"This happened for a year and at the end of the year I got a text message saying: ‘We’ve decided not to go with it’. "Believe nothing. Believe nothing until you’ve got the contract."He said there was phoniness in the literary world but the amount of "bullshit" in TV and film was on different level to any other industry.They also had a different way of saying hello. "We love it, Mr Rushdie. We are absolutely in your awe and we are going to back you 1,000% to the furthest level of our capability. Then nothing. Nothing. Not one dime. I realised this was just their way of greeting you."His novel Midnight’s Children had been made into a movie in 2012, directed by Deepa Mehta, but there was nothing on the immediate horizon, he said."There are a few things bubbling, but given the high bullshit factor you can’t say anything until you’ve got the money in your bank account."'How strange is that? Donald Trump knows the words to Woodstock'Rushdie, one of the most celebrated writers of his generation, was in Hay to talk about his latest novel, Golden House, which has been been described as a parable of modern America as well as an obvious attack on Donald Trump and his values.The writer said he had met Trump three times and on each occasion it had been friendly.Once was at the Metropolitan Opera when he passed Trump in a corridor and Trump had said: "You’re the man!" "I knew what I was supposed to say. I said: ‘No, Donald, you’re the man’... and he was happy."Next they crossed paths at a Crosby, Stills and Nash concert and Trump was singing along. "How strange is that? Donald Trump knows the words to Woodstock."The third time was at the US Open at Flushing Meadows when Trump offered him his box. He said: "I have the best box.""My history with Donald Trump is one of friendship and affection," he joked.Rushdie is a regular visitor to Hay and always draws big crowds. On Tuesday, he confirmed what some people have always thought to be a literary myth. Did he come up the phrase "Fresh cream cakes, naughty but nice", used in adverts starring people like Les Dawson, Kenneth Williams and Larry Grayson? Yes, he said. "When we presented it to the cream cakes client, they said: ‘You’re telling people that cream cakes make them fat.’ I said: ‘They know that.’ We should focus on the ‘but nice’."He said it had been inspired by the comedian Dick Emery, but he also said the phrase might be seen as a "reasonable description of my career".Last week, the Washington Post obtained a White House internal memo that debated how the Trump administration should handle federal climate science reports. The memo presented three options without endorsing any of them: conducting a "red team/blue team" exercise to "highlight uncertainties in climate science"; more formally reviewing the science under the Administrative Procedure Act; or deciding to just "ignore, and not seek to characterize or question, the science being conducted by Federal agencies and outside entities."In short, the White House considered ‘debating’ established climate science, casting doubt on scientists’ conclusions, or just ignoring them. Accepting and/or acting on the findings of the scientific experts is not an option they’re willing to consider.So according to this memo, the administration considered 3 options--(1) framing reality as being up for debate; (2) developing their own view of reality; or (3) ignoring reality--and went with option 3.Interesting that "accepting reality" was not an option. https://t.co/ejqBOEa0B0Meanwhile, a paper published in Nature last week concluded that limiting global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial temperatures would save more than $20tn as compared to a temperature of 2°C. The carbon pollution cuts needed to achieve the 1.5°C target would cost about $300bn more than efforts to meet 2°C. In other words, the economic benefits of the more aggressive target would outweigh its costs by a factor of about 70-to-1.Current international climate policies will only limit global warming to about 3–3.5°C global warming, and America’s policies are "critically insufficient" to meet either the 2°C or 1.5°C targets. Under the Trump administration, the US has no plans to try and cut its carbon pollution, and in fact the administration has been taking every possible step to undo established climate policies and increase pollution from the coal and oil industries, even though global warming will especially hurt Trump country.Basically, taking aggressive action to curb global warming would save the world a lot of money, and it would especially benefit the economies in southern, conservative states. But it wouldn’t be good for the fossil fuel industry, and the Trump administration has prioritized short-term corporate profits above all else, including American welfare and lives.There’s a 97% expert consensus that humans are causing global warming, and the scientific research is clear that the consequences of continued rapid climate change could be devastating for the economy and for all species on Earth.The case for the Trump administration approach – ignoring and casting doubt on the conclusions of climate science experts – is that of a bad gambler. It’s not a 100% consensus; maybe the less than 3% of climate contrarians are onto something. Perhaps the experts are wrong and climate change won’t be so bad.If the stakes were something inconsequential like a Trump steak, that would be fine, but it should go without saying that betting the future of humanity and life on Earth on a less than 3% long shot is a bad idea. The stakes could not be higher. Prudent risk management dictates that we should be taking serious steps to mitigate the chances of such a disastrous outcome. That’s why Americans buy home and auto and health insurance. It’s why fewer than 17% of Americans today are smokers, down from 42% in 1965.Not only is global warming denial terrible policy, but it’s bad for the long-term health of the Republican Party. There’s a climate change generation gap – most young Americans realize that humans are causing global warming, and young conservatives want their leaders to do something about it. Climate change impacts will only become more severe over time, and today’s youth know that they’ll have to live with the consequences of our actions today. They simply can’t afford denial, and the GOP risks losing these voters forever by willfully ignoring the problem that poses an existential threat to young Americans.There are a few glimmers of hope in the party. Trump’s new Nasa administrator now accepts climate science. Eight House Republicans signed a letter to leaders of the Appropriations Committee urging them to reject any provisions in the 2019 spending bill that would undermine efforts to combat climate change. The conservative Climate Leadership Council proposed a free market, small government, revenue-neutral carbon tax ready to go as soon as the GOP can elect a leadership that’s willing to make a great climate change deal.But right now the GOP is still stuck being, as Governor Bobby Jindal (R-LA) described it five years ago, "the stupid party." Its leadership won’t even consider the possibility that 97% of climate science experts are right. That denial is going to be very expensive, and as Americans increasingly accept the realities of climate change, it will also land the GOP on the endangered species list.Donald Trump reached for a loaded term on Monday when without offering proof he accused special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigators of "meddling" in the forthcoming midterm elections. The president also said only Democrats were guilty of "collusion". Mueller, who was appointed last year after Trump fired FBI director James Comey, is leading the investigation into Russian election interference in 2016 and alleged collusion between Trump aides and Moscow. Mueller is also investigating whether actions like the firing of Comey constitute obstruction of justice.Four Trump associates have been charged. Three, including Trump’s first national security adviser, Gen Michael Flynn, have pleaded guilty to lying to the authorities and agreed to co-operate with Mueller. Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign manager, has pleaded not guilty on financial charges.The US intelligence community agrees that Russia sought to influence the 2016 election in Trump’s favour and against Hillary Clinton. The Senate judiciary committee has supported that view; the House intelligence committee, led by Trump allies, has said there was no collusion by the Trump campaign.On Tuesday, Trump tweeted: "The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats."Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!"Trump has repeatedly referred to Mueller’s team as "13 angry Democrats". Mueller is a Republican appointed by Trump’s own deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, who is himself a Republican. According to publicly available information cited by the Washington Post, 13 of Mueller’s investigators have registered as Democrats in the past and nine have donated to Democrats. The biggest donor on the team, the Post reported, also donated to Republicans.Most polls predict a strong Democratic performance in the midterms in November, potentially producing a "blue wave" and handing control of the House and even the Senate back to the opposition party.Trump has pursued an aggressive strategy towards Mueller in recent weeks, as talks over a possible interview between special counsel and president continue. On Sunday Trump’s attorney Rudy Giuliani admitted on CNN that Trump’s repeated claim there was a "spy" in his campaign were made "for public opinion … because eventually the decision here is going to be impeach or not impeach".Intelligence analysts and experts have rubbished the "spy" claims, saying that if an FBI informant spoke to Trump aides observed interacting with Russians, that was normal policy if a foreign power appeared to be seeking to influence an election."Members of Congress, Democrats and Republicans," Giuliani said, nonetheless, "are going to be informed a lot by their constituents. And so our jury – and it should be – is the American people."In another tweet on Tuesday, Trump said he needed to focus more of his attention on issues important to Americans and less on the Russia investigation."Sorry," he wrote. "I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.""From now on, we expect trading relationships to be fair and to be reciprocal," Donald Trump said in statement.The White House said China had "pursued industrial policies and unfair trade practices including dumping, discriminatory non-tariff barriers, forced technology transfer, over capacity, and industrial subsidies that champion Chinese firms and make it impossible for many United States firms to compete on a level playing field". The new tariffs will cover goods related to the "Made in China 2025" program the administration claims "harm companies in the United States and around the world".The White House statement issued on Tuesday pointed to a United States Trade Representatives (USTR) Section 301 investigation that identified four aggressive technology policies pursued by China which it claimed put 44m American jobs at risk.The White House said the policies included forced technology transfer; requiring licensing at less than economic value; state-directed acquisition of sensitive US technology for strategic purposes; and outright cybertheft.The full list of imports that will be subject to the 25% tariffs will be announced by 15 June, the White House said.The announcement comes at a sensitive time in US-China relations, amid US talks with nuclear-armed North Korea as well as rising tensions in the South China Sea, where two US vessels recently sailed close to two disputed islands, prompting protest from Beijing.The tariffs decision also comes a week after treasury secretary Stephen Mnuchin said Trump’s "trade war" with China had been placed "on hold". In response, China expressed surprise, saying the US move was contrary to the consensus both sides reached recently. China has the confidence, ability and experience to safeguard its core interests, it said.Trump has long bemoaned the massive trade deficit with China. The White House also says the US is planning new investment restrictions and export controls. The administration is nonetheless negotiating. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is expected to travel to China later in the week."The United States will request that China remove all of its many trade barriers," the White House said, "including non-monetary trade barriers, which make it both difficult and unfair to do business there. "The United States will request that tariffs and taxes between the two countries be reciprocal in nature and value. Discussions with China will continue on these topics, and the United States looks forward to resolving long-standing structural issues and expanding our exports by eliminating China’s severe import restrictions."The Dow Jones industrial index dropped 150 points in early trading on Tuesday, though largely regarding fears of a political crisis in Italy after President Sergio Mattarella appointed a caretaker government led by a former International Monetary Fund official.