Jonathan Meades has taken a swig from an Alice "drink-me" bottle. He’s tiny, sitting on a used syringe, on a cigarette butt, among the trash. Because he’s not in Wonderland, he’s in the gutter: a place where slang is the lingua franca.Jonathan Meades On Jargon (BBC Four) begins with a splendid and heartening defence of slang. Slang is centripetal, it gets to the core of what we actually think rather than what we are bullied into thinking (and not thinking). It is creative: "Slang is about showing off, about increasing one’s idiolect, about finding a better expression for blowjob than blowjob. It’s about flexing one’s lingo-muscle," he says, flexing his; also possibly – cunningly – finding a better expression for blowjob than blowjob. Fancy a lingo flex? No, maybe not better.Sometime you need to hit the pause button to properly appreciate a Meades missile, for it to sink inMeades is immensely proud of adding to the already brimming store of words for drunk with "Badered" (ie legless, like the air ace), and to the sexual lexicon with "rubbing offal" for intercourse.Jargon, to Meade, means the "prissy net curtains of language". The language of the trained liar, it is everything slang is not: "Centrifugal, evasive, drably euphemistic, unthreatening, conformist." While slang belongs to the gutter, "jargon belongs to the executive estate," he says. "It is the clumsy, graceless, inelegant, aesthetically bereft expression of houses with three garages … It is delusional, it inflates pomposity, officiousness and self-importance, rather than punctures them."Ooh, that’s good isn’t it? Sometime you need to hit the pause button to properly appreciate a Meades missile, for it to sink in. Rewind and repeat. I also like "the more one sees of this end of humankind, the more one’s milk of human kindness turns sour", and so much more.His tirade demonstrates how jargon has infected everything: politics and business – of course – law, journalism, television, football, football punditry, art, especially art ... It’s a pandemic. And, because you can’t separate jargon from its users, it’s a deliciously personal attack, too. Plenty to think about for: Boris Johnson, Theresa May, Philip May, George Osborne, Tony Blair, the Trump lout, the Trump lout’s counselor Kellyanne Conway, footballers Alan Shearer and Joey Barton, former Tate director Nicholas Serota (especially Serota, Meades really doesn’t like him), and so, so many more. You possibly, me certainly, it’s easy to allow it in, lazily. I’ll be running this through the jargon-check, and if any remains, it’ll be there knowingly and ironically, OK?It’s not just about what we say, it’s the way we say it. Regional accents come in for a surprise and unfashionable attack, they are "apartheid disguised as vibrant diversity". Received pronunciation, RP, on the other hand is an instrument of social … hmmm … that needs a pause, to ponder.You don’t have to agree with all of it. I’m there with about 90%, everything on jargon and slang, less convinced by the apartheid geordies and Scots, even if it is very funny (of the 55,000 Gaelic speakers in Scotland, "65,000 work for the BBC"). And is it necessary to mention Conway’s face and that she was the New Jersey Blueberry Princess of 1983 – which seem to be an attack on her looks and her age – when her real crime was to bring us "a despicable new turd of jargon: alternative facts"?It’s meant to provoke, and does. It’s also blisteringly brutal, clever and hilarious. Meades is a rare thing on television: properly different. Sporadically he pops up to deliver a polemic in his inimitable style: deadpan, still, no walking towards you or waving his arms about, no TV cliches. The sunglasses have gone, sadly, perhaps the subject of jargon is so serious it requires eye contact.It still manages to be visually interesting on what looks like a budget of about forty quid. Little plastic figures mow and rub offal on the bonnet of a toy gold Range Rover. A rotting fish head is covered in flies, because jargon, too, begins at the top and putrefies downward. Careful, Serota might find the fish head relevant, buy it for a billion pounds and put it in a gallery, where a cult of people can come and spout incomprehensible guff about it. "We shall go on mocking," says Meades, reassuringly.