The world of literature has its own level of phoniness, Salman Rushdie has admitted, but it is nothing compared with the wild insincerity levels of film and television. "Believe nothing," he said.In an entertaining interview at the Hay literary festival in Wales Rushdie revealed the bruising experience he had with the US TV company Showtime, which approached him seven years ago to write a series.He had a science fiction idea and submitted four or five drafts of the pilot episode. "Every time I sent them a draft, they would say: ‘This is the best thing we have ever seen, never in the history of television … it is original and startling and mind blowing, we are so totally with it!’"This happened for a year and at the end of the year I got a text message saying: ‘We’ve decided not to go with it’. "Believe nothing. Believe nothing until you’ve got the contract."He said there was phoniness in the literary world but the amount of "bullshit" in TV and film was on different level to any other industry.They also had a different way of saying hello. "We love it, Mr Rushdie. We are absolutely in your awe and we are going to back you 1,000% to the furthest level of our capability. Then nothing. Nothing. Not one dime. I realised this was just their way of greeting you."His novel Midnight’s Children had been made into a movie in 2012, directed by Deepa Mehta, but there was nothing on the immediate horizon, he said."There are a few things bubbling, but given the high bullshit factor you can’t say anything until you’ve got the money in your bank account."'How strange is that? Donald Trump knows the words to Woodstock'Rushdie, one of the most celebrated writers of his generation, was in Hay to talk about his latest novel, Golden House, which has been been described as a parable of modern America as well as an obvious attack on Donald Trump and his values.The writer said he had met Trump three times and on each occasion it had been friendly.Once was at the Metropolitan Opera when he passed Trump in a corridor and Trump had said: "You’re the man!" "I knew what I was supposed to say. I said: ‘No, Donald, you’re the man’... and he was happy."Next they crossed paths at a Crosby, Stills and Nash concert and Trump was singing along. "How strange is that? Donald Trump knows the words to Woodstock."The third time was at the US Open at Flushing Meadows when Trump offered him his box. He said: "I have the best box.""My history with Donald Trump is one of friendship and affection," he joked.Rushdie is a regular visitor to Hay and always draws big crowds. On Tuesday, he confirmed what some people have always thought to be a literary myth. Did he come up the phrase "Fresh cream cakes, naughty but nice", used in adverts starring people like Les Dawson, Kenneth Williams and Larry Grayson? Yes, he said. "When we presented it to the cream cakes client, they said: ‘You’re telling people that cream cakes make them fat.’ I said: ‘They know that.’ We should focus on the ‘but nice’."He said it had been inspired by the comedian Dick Emery, but he also said the phrase might be seen as a "reasonable description of my career".