Following demands by President Donald Trump for the Justice Department to investigate his claim that his campaign had been "infiltrated or surveilled" by the FBI, the agency on Monday directed the Inspector General to probe those accusations."The Department has asked the Inspector General to expand the ongoing review of the FISA application process to include determining whether there was any impropriety or political motivation in how the FBI conducted its counterintelligence investigation of persons suspected of involvement with the Russian agents who interfered in the 2016 presidential election," Department of Justice spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said in a statement."As always, the Inspector General will consult with the appropriate U.S. Attorney if there is any evidence of potential criminal conduct," she added.Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who oversees special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 race and the Trump campaign's possible involvement with Moscow, added that "if anyone did infiltrate or surveil participants in a presidential campaign for inappropriate purposes, we need to know about it and take appropriate action."Trump met Monday afternoon with Rosenstein, as well as FBI Director Christopher Wray, White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence to discuss their response to congressional requests on a range of topics, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told NBC News.Sanders credited the session with Rosenstein's decision to ask the inspector general's office to expand its probe, even though DOJ had announced that move earlier in the day, before the meeting.She added that White House Chief of Staff Kelly planned to set up a meeting with the FBI, DOJ and DNI together with congressional leaders "to review highly classified and other information they have requested."The Justice Department's internal watchdog is already examining Republican complaints of FBI misconduct in the early stages of the Russia investigation.Inspector General Michael Horowitz announced an investigation in March at the request of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and congressional Republicans. Sessions and the lawmakers had urged Horowitz to review whether FBI and Justice Department officials abused their surveillance powers by using information compiled by Christopher Steele, a former British spy, as part of the basis to justify monitoring Carter Page, a former campaign adviser to Trump.The Justice Department's latest announcement came after Trump on Sunday demanded an investigation.I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!Democrats criticized Trump for interfering with the Justice Department."For months, @realDonaldTrump has insulted & tried to discredit the men & women at FBI & DOJ in self-serving attempts to distract from the Trump-Russia scandal," tweeted House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. "His conspiratorial fantasies must not be allowed to undermine the proper function of our justice system."Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif, posted, "The Justice Department is not an arm of the White House. The Justice Department is independent and serves the American people.""Its job is to follow the facts and the law. Law enforcement investigations must be initiated and carried out free from political interference," Feinstein wrote.The New York Times reported on Saturday that at least one government informant met several times with Page and George Papadopoulos, another former foreign policy adviser on Trump's campaign.The Times, citing current and former FBI officials, reported that the informant talked to Page and Papadopoulos because they had suspicious contacts linked to Russia. Papadopoulos was charged last year in Mueller's investigation and pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI. He has agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.Trump had been tweeting similar allegations for days. On Friday, he accused the Department of Justice of putting a "spy" inside his presidential campaign as part of an effort to frame him for crimes he says he "didn't commit.""'Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn't commit,'" Trump tweeted Friday, quoting Fox Business Network anchor David Asman. "Really bad stuff!"Later, the president weighed in again, saying that if the reports are true, it would be the "all time biggest political scandal."Rudy Giuliani, one of Trump's lawyers, said on Friday that the president's legal team had been told about an informant "off the record," but added that he didn't know if the information was correct.A day earlier — on the anniversary of the appointment of Mueller — Trump tweeted that then-President Barack Obama had "spied on the Trump campaign," an apparent reference to an allegation that Andrew McCarthy, a former federal prosecutor and assistant U.S. attorney, had made at the time on Fox News.Civil rights attorney Colin Allred left his job at the Department of Housing and Urban Development in January 2017 deeply concerned about the incoming Trump administration.Back home in the Dallas-area district where he grew up, he decided to heed the words of the president he had served: If you're unhappy with your elected officials, run for office yourself.Allred, who launched his bid to challenge Republican Rep. Pete Sessions in April 2017, is one of at least 64 of President Barack Obama's former staffers running for federal, state, or local elective office this year, according to the Obama Alumni Association, a group run by former members of his two administrations.More could announce bids in the coming weeks as filing deadlines for candidates near in states that have yet to hold their primaries. The group also expects the tally to grow as more Obama-affiliated candidates get in touch to add their name to the list.Some are running for city council, others for governor. At least 28 are running for the House of Representatives, including Allred in Texas' 32nd Congressional District. He won a primary run-off last week, defeating another Obama alum, Lillian Salerno. (Four other alums have won their House primaries so far, while one other has lost.)The groundswell of Democratic candidates with ties to the former president — channeling their former boss's demeanor and politics, tapping into an extensive alumni network for fundraising and volunteers, and levying significant political muscle ahead of the 2018 midterm elections — could fill state and federal legislatures with likeminded allies, many of whom are young or diverse or both.Many Obama alums are fired up to push back against President Donald Trump, a figure who rose to political prominence with racially charged accusations about Obama's citizenship.“Looking back on last year, it was the effort to take down the Affordable Care Act with no viable replacement. It was the Muslim ban, and attacks on immigrants, it was the tearing up of alliances and commitments internationally. It was the taking down of environmental protections, it was refusing to invest in infrastructure as Trump had promised," said Tom Malinowski, 52, the former assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor now running for Congress in New Jersey’s 7th Congressional District."And the silence and active complicity of Republicans, particularly in the House of Republicans," he added.Malinowski decided that flipping control of the House of Representatives would help right the course of the nation. If he wins the Democratic primary on June 5, he'll attempt to unseat Republican Rep. Leonard Lance.Other alums felt as Allred did — personally inspired by Obama's farewell.“A lot of us Obama babies were inspired by the president's call to action when he retired,” Ammar Campa-Najjar said.Campa-Najjar, 29, was a deputy regional field director for Southern California on Obama's 2012 campaign before moving to Washington for stints at the White House and Department of Labor.He's now a candidate in California’s 50th Congressional District, which will have its primary on June 5, as well. Many of his volunteers previously volunteered for Obama, and he met his now-field director when she was an intern on Obama's re-election campaign."I kind of inherited the enthusiasm that Obama created in my area in 2012 and 2008,” he told NBC News.Deb Haaland, a Democrat running to represent New Mexico's 1st Congressional District, credits Obama with helping her find the courage to run. She was his New Mexico Native American vote director in 2012 and a full-time volunteer in 2008. Many of her volunteers date back to those campaigns, and her office is still decorated with old Obama signs, she said.“I feel like if I hadn't worked for the president, I would never have had the courage or the wherewithal to run,” she said, recounting an unsuccessful 2014 bid for lieutenant governor before she successfully ran for state party chair. "I think about him every single day."If she wins her June 5 primary and is elected in November, Haaland, 57, would be the country's first Native American congresswoman.Ties to Obama's network come with political perks, as well. Haaland was endorsed by top Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett, and Allred was endorsed by his former boss at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Julián Castro. Former Vice President Joe Biden endorsed Elissa Slotkin, an Obama alum now running to represent Michigan's 8th Congressional District.The Obama Alumni Association offers resources to members looking to run, helping candidates tap a network of more than 15,000 alums from the former president's administration and Senate and White House campaigns for fundraising and volunteers.While the candidates interviewed by NBC News expressed differences from Obama, all said they were guided by the former president's values or political style."I've tried to approach my campaign with the same even-keeled demeanor," Allred said. "Especially in the era of soap opera politics in which every day is a roller coaster that we’re being lead down by this president, that approach is even more compelling."SEOUL, South Korea — South Korea's president says that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un committed to sitting down with President Donald Trump and to a “complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula” during a surprise meeting in the Demilitarized Zone on Saturday.South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Kim met Saturday hours after Trump suggested his June 12 summit with Kim may still go ahead."Chairman Kim made clear once again his intentions to completely denuclearize the Korean Peninsula as he did in the Panmunjeom Declaration," President Moon said in a statement Sunday local time, according to an NBC News translation, referring to the agreement the two leaders signed when they first met at the border last month.Saturday's surprise talks between the rival Koreas — which Moon said Kim requested — came hours after Trump told reporters that the planned June 12 summit in Singapore, which he abruptly canceled this week, might still be salvaged.An angry Trump personally dictated a letter to Kim on Thursday.The president, fearing that the North Koreans might beat him to the punch, wanted to be the one to cancel first, multiple officials told NBC News.The letter set off a whirlwind 48 hours of diplomatic back-and-forth.Trump said Saturday during a meeting at the Oval Office that "we’re doing very well in terms of the summit with North Korea," and that "I think there's a lot of goodwill.""It's moving along very nicely, so we're looking at June 12th in Singapore; that hasn't changed," Trump said. "And it's moving along pretty well. So we'll see what happens."State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said in a statement Sunday that "a U.S. delegation is in ongoing talks with North Korean officials at Panmunjom [North Korea]. We continue to prepare for a meeting between the President and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un."We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th., and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date.Moon said North Korea and the U.S. will soon start working-level talks to prepare for the summit. He said he expects the talks to go smoothly because Pyongyang and Washington both know what they want from each other.Moon told reporters after Sunday's briefing that "The real issue for the Chairman Kim is not his firm determination for the complete denuclearization. Chairman Kim is worried about whether he can trust that the U.S. will end the policy of hostility and guarantee the stability of his regime" after denuclearization.Moon said the Trump administration has indicated the United States is willing to possibly offer economic assistance after denuclearization."I have delivered what each party has in mind and am now urging the both parties to confirm each other's posture directly," Moon said.He also suggested that if a Trump-Kim summit does take place and is a success, the parties should move to three-way talks in order to formally end the Korean War.Kim and Moon met for two hours on the North Korean side of the truce village Panmunjom between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. local time (2:00 a.m. to 4:00 a.m. ET), according to the Blue House, which released pictures of the two leaders embracing."The two leaders exchanged views frankly in order to make the U.S.-N.K. summit talks happen successfully and to carry out the 4.27 Panmunjeom Declaration," said Yoon Young Chan, a presidential spokesman, referring to the agreement signed after last month's historic talks.North Korean state-run media KCNA said in its own statement about the Saturday meeting that Kim and Moon expressed "their stand to make joint efforts for the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula."Meanwhile China said it is still looking forward to "a successful and timely summit" between Trump and Kim, "bringing peace to the peninsula and bringing good news to the world," Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told NBC News.Last month's summit marked the first meeting between North and South Korean leaders in a decade. During the talks Kim and Moon pledged "no more war," as well as the common goal of the "complete denuclearization" of the Korean Peninsula.The detente on the Korean Peninsula came as the North Korean leader engaged with Trump over their nuclear arsenal. After a year of fiery rhetoric the two leaders agreed to meet in Singapore next month in what would be a historic summit.But the White House stunned the world Thursday by canceling the meeting 18 days before it was due to take place and by warning that the U.S. military is prepared to act.Trump blamed the cancellation on the "tremendous anger and open hostility" in a recent statement by the North Koreans. The president appeared to be referring to a statement by Pyongyang on Thursday that warned of a "nuclear-to-nuclear showdown" with the United States.The North Koreans were reacting to comments by Vice President Mike Pence suggesting that the rogue state could face a fate similar to that of Libya, where former leader Muammar Qaddafi was deposed and killed after agreeing to dispose of his nuclear weapons.North Korea called the vice president a "political dummy" for the remark.However, Pyongyang said its rhetoric was tit-for-tat and that they were still willing to "sit down any time and in any way to solve the problem."Stella Kim reported from Seoul and Saphora Smith reported from London. To win a primary race in Maine next month, candidates will have to do something unusual: Aim not just to be voters' first choice, but their second, third and perhaps fourth choice, too.Maine is the first state to use the ranked-choice voting system for statewide and federal elections, earning plaudits from advocates who say it is a step toward making the U.S. a better, less polarized democracy.How it works: In primaries with more than two candidates, voters will rank candidates in order of preference on their ballots. If no candidate receives a majority of first-choice votes, the candidate with the fewest number of first-choice votes is eliminated. Ballots cast for the eliminated candidate are then recast for the voter's second-choice pick. The elimination and retabulation process continues until there are two candidates left in the race; the one with the most votes is declared the winner.(While the winning candidate may well reach the majority threshold earlier in the counting process, Maine law requires the elimination and retabulation cycle to continue until the field is narrowed to two, giving the winner the largest possible majority.)"It gives voters more choice, more voice," said Kyle Bailey, the campaign manager for the Committee for Ranked Choice Voting, a group that has lead the three-year fight to implement the system in Maine.Bailey said the system discourages scorched-earth politics and fringe candidates who appeal exclusively to a narrow part of the electorate and forces candidates to build a coalition of support — because they may need voters to consider ranking them as their second or third choices.Critics, however, say the old system worked fine and protest spending money to put a new one in place. Maine Republicans, in particular, have chafed under the court-mandated implementation of ranked-choice voting, and argue they should have the power to decide the rules of their primaries."We just want our people to vote for their first choice," said Jason Savage, the executive director of the Maine Republican Party. "We want ours to be a clean, less expensive and easy-to-understand process."Four June races will use ranked ballots, thanks to their candidate count: both party's primaries for governor, where there are seven Democrats and four Republicans on the ballot; the Democratic primary in Maine's 2nd Congressional District; and a Republican primary in one state legislature race, according to the Secretary of State's office.If one candidate in any of those contests receives a majority of first-choice votes on election night, June 12, the winner will be known when initial vote tallies are reported. If not, ballots are collected and transported to Augusta, Maine, for the ranked-choice tabulation. In that case, it could be a week before voters know who won.Ranked-choice voting is used internationally in countries like Australia and Ireland, as well as in some U.S. cities, but the state's transition from the most common voting system — in which voters select just one candidate — has been fraught.After organizers used a ballot referendum to get ranked-choice voting approved in 2016, state officials questioned its legality while legislators and critics filed lawsuits and proposed legislation to eliminate it. The courts ruled it could not be used in state general elections because the Maine Constitution specifically says winners will be elected by plurality, not majority, but they approved its use in state primaries and in federal elections in the state.The issue comes to a head on Election Day: The same ballot that will give Maine voters their first taste of statewide ranked-choice voting also includes a second referendum on whether to keep the system. If it fails, the ranked-choice voting system will be halted unless organizers can get the state Constitution changed, which would require far more support in the legislature than they've previously enjoyed.Savage worries the system could lead to disenfranchisement. Ballots in multicandidate races that lack second choices — or fourth or fifth choices, depending on the round of ranked-choice voting — can be declared exhausted and removed from the voting pool during the calculation process, meaning that the final winner might not have a majority of all the initial ballots cast.Still, Maine isn't the only state curious about trying a new system. According to FairVote,  legislation on ranked-choice voting was under consideration in 18 states and Democrats have pushed for its implementation in New York City.Proponents of ranked-choice say it provides a necessary course-correction to America's modern political system, where crowded races deprive winners of majority support. Bailey, the organizer, said in nine of the last 11 races for Maine's governor, the winner won with less than 50 percent of the vote.Rob Richie, the president of FairVote, a nonpartisan group that advocates for election reforms, including ranked-choice voting, said: "When you have elections with two choices, our election (system based on plurality) works great. When you have more than two choices, it stops working."“A lot of Republicans were interested in it in 2016,” Richie said, when 17 candidates entered the GOP race for president. "A lot of Democrats are going to get super-interested in it in 2020 when they have 15 people running."CORRECTION (May 24, 9:34 a.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated how Maine’s courts have ruled on ranked-choice voting. The courts have barred using it for statewide general elections, not federal general elections.A business partner of Trump lawyer Michael Cohen has agreed to cooperate with the government as part of a plea deal, according to a person with direct knowledge of the proceedings.Evgeny Freidman, 47, who is known as the Taxi King, pleaded guilty Tuesday to a low-level felony in Albany County Court, in upstate New York, for stealing nearly $5 million in state taxes and has agreed to cooperate in state or federal investigations. The deal, in which he will pay the state $5 million but avoid jail time, was first reported in The New York Times.For years, Freidman, a Russian immigrant, has managed Cohen's taxi medallions, which give owners the right to operate New York City yellow cabs. Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is probing alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, referred an ongoing investigation of Michael Cohen to federal prosecutors in New York.Freidman's plea deal means he could potentially testify in any criminal case related to Cohen, who has long served as a personal attorney to President Donald Trump.Multiple people familiar with the proceedings would not say if Freidman's cooperation was specific to the on-going federal criminal investigation into Cohen.Freidman's guilty plea was announced Tuesday by the New York Attorney General's Office. The attorney general's office and the U.S. Attorney's office in Manhattan would not comment on whether Freidman had agreed to cooperate in any investigation.Freidman's attorney, Patrick Egan of Fox Rothschild, also declined to comment about whether his client has agreed to cooperate in any investigation. His client was originally charged with five felonies, including tax fraud and grand larceny. Freidman pleaded guilty to evading $50,000 in taxes.Earlier this month, Egan told CNN that Freidman considered Cohen "a great friend and a wonderful client."Freidman, a lawyer, was also disbarred earlier this month.Newly installed state Attorney General Barbara Underwood said in a statement, "Freidman pocketed money that should have provided much-needed investment in our transit system — and he'll now have to pay back every cent."Cohen's attorney did not respond to a request for comment.Mitt Romney, a candidate for U.S. Senate in Utah, said in an interview Monday that President Donald Trump is not a role model for his grandchildren."I don't think that I would point to the president as a role model for my grandkids on the basis of his personal style," Romney said in an exclusive interview with NBC News' Garrett Haake. "He has departed in some cases from the truth, and has attacked in a way that I think is not entirely appropriate."Romney acknowledged that Trump's policies had "been by and large a good deal better than I might have expected," but added that “some of the things he has said are not ones that I would aspire for my grandkids to adopt."Romney's comments come just weeks before a June 26 GOP primary in the race to fill the seat being vacated by Sen. Orrin Hatch.Romney had been an outspoken critic of Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign, delivering a blistering criticism of the then-candidate in March 2016 in which he slammed Trump as a "phony" and a "fraud" who was "playing the members of the American public for suckers."He also appeared to take some veiled shots at the commander in chief in a video announcing his U.S. Senate bid in Utah, drawing distinctions between attitudes in his state on immigration and the president’s policy proposals as well as noting a difference in tone.But when asked by NBC News whether as a senator he would be the man "who gave that speech in March of 2016" or "somebody who wants to work more closely with the president," Romney said he would "call 'em like I see 'em.""If the president were to say something that I consider highly divisive or racist or misogynistic, I’ll call him out on it," Romney said. "Because I think it's important for people to know exactly where one stands."President Donald Trump on Wednesday ramped up his attacks on the FBI's reported use of an informant to investigate his campaign, dubbing the situation "Spygate" and slamming it as "one of the biggest political scandals in history."SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!In a series of early morning tweets, Trump also said special counsel Robert Mueller's probe into "phony collusion with Russia" had only resulted in the FBI "getting caught in a major SPY scandal.""What goes around, comes around!" he wrote.Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!Later Wednesday, as he spoke to reporters before departing for a trip to New York, Trump reiterated the thrust of his Tweets and suggested that former FBI Director James Comey will look bad when the Justice Department's inspector general finishes looking into the conduct of law enforcement officials in probing the 2016 Trump campaign."I think James Comey’s got a lot of problems," Trump said. "If you look at what he did. If you look at the lies, the tremendous lies, if you look at all that’s going on. I think James Comey’s got a lot of problems. At some point they have an IG report, and then let’s see what James Comey has to say. And I assumed he’s covered by the IG report."Trump has been tweeting allegations for several days that the Department of Justice put a "spy" inside his presidential campaign.The New York Times reported on Saturday that at least one government informant met several times with Carter Page, who spent a few months advising Trump's presidential campaign, and George Papadopoulos, a former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser. It was revealed last October that Papadopoulos had struck a cooperation agreement with Mueller, pleading guilty to lying to federal agents about his contacts with Kremlin-connected Russians.Trump also went after James Clapper, the director of national intelligence under President Barack Obama, over comments he made on ABC's "The View" on Tuesday about Russian efforts to infiltrate the Trump campaign. Clapper said that the FBI was not spying on Trump's campaign, but rather, attempting to determine if Russians were "trying to gain access.""'Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign' No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!" Trump tweeted.Former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by Trump last May, seemed to respond to Trump's claims, defending the use of informants as "essential to protecting the country.""Attacks on the FBI and lying about its work will do lasting damage to our country," he tweeted.Facts matter. The FBI’s use of Confidential Human Sources (the actual term) is tightly regulated and essential to protecting the country. Attacks on the FBI and lying about its work will do lasting damage to our country. How will Republicans explain this to their grandchildren?Following demands by Trump for the Justice Department to investigate whether his campaign had been "infiltrated or surveilled" by the FBI for "political purposes," the agency on Monday directed its inspector general to probe whether "there was any impropriety or political motivation in how the FBI counterintelligence investigation of persons suspected of involvement with the Russian agents who interfered in the 2016 presidential election."Trump punctuated his Wednesday Twitter rant with the words: "WITCH HUNT!"According to an NBC News count, that is the 45th time Trump has tweeted  the phrase since his inauguration.President Donald Trump said Tuesday there was a "very substantial chance" that his June 12 summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un would not take place as planned."There's a very substantial chance that it won't work out, and that's OK," Trump said at the White House, sitting alongside South Korean President Moon Jae-in. "That doesn’t mean it won't work out over a period of time, but it may not work out for June 12."Moments after suggesting a delay, Trump said, "There's a good chance that we'll have the meeting."Victoria Coates, the National Security Council's senior director for international negotiations, told NBC News that the NSC is operating under the assumption that the summit will take place as scheduled."We’re prepared, we’ll have him [Trump] prepared, and when he makes a decision about whether it's the right thing to do for the American people, we’ll be ready to follow his direction," Coates said.Top White House officials echoed that sentiment later in the day."We'll continue to prepare for the summit and if they want to meet, we'll be ready," Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, during a surprise appearance at a State Department press briefing, said his team was "working to make sure there’s a common understanding of … what will be discussed, but I'm optimistic.""But again, this could be something that comes right to the end and doesn't happen. As the president said, we'll see," Pompeo added.Moon, the South Korean president, was in Washington to encourage Trump to remain committed to the meeting, despite apparent hesitation in recent days from Pyongyang because of U.S. denuclearization demands.The historic meeting between Trump and Kim, scheduled for June 12 in Singapore, was announced earlier this month. Days later, the reclusive North Korean regime said it would dismantle its nuclear test site this week, between Wednesday and Friday. Trump thanked Pyongyang and praised the move as a “smart and gracious gesture.”But in the weeks since, the summit has been in doubt.Last week, North Korea suggested the summit could be canceled if it was pushed toward "unilateral nuclear abandonment." Pyongyang also canceled high-level talks with South Korea, saying it was angry about a large military exercise currently being staged by Washington and Seoul in South Korea.Trump, for his part, insisted Tuesday that the denuclearization of North Korea "must take place" as part of any agreement between the isolated nation and the U.S.But he expressed flexibility on the details."All in one would be nice, I could tell you, I'm not going to go beyond that. It would certainly be better if it were all in one," he said, responding to a reporter's question about whether he would demand, as part of a prospective pact, that Pyongyang completely denuclearize immediately or whether it could happen incrementally."I don't know that I would totally commit myself, but all in one would be a lot better," he said.President Donald Trump claimed Thursday that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper had admitted that the FBI spied on his presidential campaign, further escalating his attacks on the law enforcement and intelligence communities charged with probing possible collusion with Russia."Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign," Trump tweeted, referring to an interview Clapper did Tuesday on ABC's "The View."Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!But that's false — Clapper did not say that. Responding to a direct question from one of the hosts, Joy Behar — "Was the FBI spying on Trump's campaign?" — Clapper said, "No, they were not."He went on to explain that the purpose of the FBI's reported use of an informant, which is different from a "spy," was to determine what the Russians were doing.Here's a transcript of the exchange:This is not Trump's first mischaracterization of Clapper's interview.On Wednesday, Trump tweeted that Clapper said he should be "happy" about the alleged spying, and went on to say that, in fact, he was not happy. Clapper actually said the president should be happy that the FBI was seeking to protect his campaign.Both The New York Times and The Washington Post have reported that the FBI made use of one or more informants in its Russia investigation. According to The Times, one person working with the FBI met with two Trump aides who were suspected of dealing with Russians: Carter Page, who was known to the FBI because of earlier contacts with Russians, and George Papadopoulos, who later pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI and is cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation.Trump, who has repeatedly claimed that Mueller's investigation is a "witch hunt" being waged by "deep state" actors intent on delegitimizing his presidency, accused the Department of Justice of putting a "spy" inside his presidential campaign as part of an effort to frame him for crimes he says he "didn’t commit."Earlier in the interview on "The View," Clapper addressed Trump's "spygate" allegations.“The point here is, are the Russians, not spying on the campaign, but what are the Russians doing? And in a sense, unfortunately, what they were trying to do is protect our political system and protect the campaign,” Clapper said.The former director of national intelligence also responded to the president’s past claim that he is a liar.Clapper said he'd made a mistake in congressional testimony regarding surveillance on Americans before turning the remark back on the president, who often repeats falsehoods.“The president is calling me a lying machine? Well, OK,” Clapper said, to laughter.President Donald Trump on Tuesday said special counsel Robert Mueller's team would be "meddling" in the fall midterm elections — his latest evidence-free charge against the members of law enforcement charged with investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election."The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls," Trump tweeted.The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!"There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!" Trump added.In a series of other tweets, Trump also questioned why Mueller’s team wasn’t investigating Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign and "Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc."“It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!” he wrote.Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!Sorry, I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.Trump has repeatedly claimed Mueller’s investigation is a partisan effort to undermine his administration, which he often calls a "witch hunt."In recent weeks, he has repeatedly attacked Mueller’s team — which he has at times dubbed the "13 angry Democrats" — and has accused the Department of Justice of having improperly inserted a “spy” inside his campaign.Former intelligence community officials have forcefully pushed back on the president's claims and defended the FBI's reported use of an informant in its Russia investigation. After a classified Justice Department briefing attended by a bipartisan group of top lawmakers last week, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., said there "is no evidence to support any allegation that the FBI, or any intelligence agency, placed a spy in the Trump campaign or otherwise failed to follow appropriate procedures and protocols."Since Mueller's appointment, nearly 20 individuals have been charged with crimes, including five who pleaded guilty (among them Michael Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser) and 13 Russian nationals.A commemorative medallion marking the now-canceled summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is drawing ridicule, but one famous coin buyer says the diplomatic setback could help collectors cash in.Rick Harrison, producer and star of the History Channel's "Pawn Stars," says the no-denomination U.S. coin has two things going for it: the president himself, whose profile is featured on the item, and the specter of a once chummy Trump and Kim parting faster than a fool and his money.The medallions — which are not technically coins because they have no denomination, numismatists say — are issued by the White House Communications Agency, a military unit assigned to the president. Shortly after Trump canceled the summit on Thursday, the White House gift shop cut the price of the medallions from $24.95 to $19.95. The website had so much traffic Thursday morning that it crashed."I almost guarantee they will sell out of them," Harrison, co-owner of the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas, said Thursday. "Anything Trump sells."The cancellation and the discount had some critics of the president issuing gleeful zingers.David Axelrod, chief campaign strategist for President Barack Obama, said on Twitter, "Coming soon to eBay: Historic summit coins!!"Journalist and author Thomas E. Ricks noted that some of the president's supporters have been lobbying for a Nobel Peace Prize to recognize Trump's diplomacy with the North Korean regime. "Does he have to return his Premature Nobel Peace Prize?" Ricks said on Twitter. "Time to issue a 'no summit' coin?"The cancellation of the summit, which appears to have put potential talks over North Korean denuclearization on hold, is also a collector-worthy twist, Harrison said."It probably makes it worth a little more," he said. "Half the value of these things is the story behind them — and the better the story, the more it’s worth."While reluctant to predict the Trump-Kim medallion's desirability, American Numismatic Association education director Rod Gillis agrees that Trump's withdrawal from the summit could make the item more collectible."Something with a great deal of interest might see value rise," he says.Its value could be contingent on how many of the medallions are made, both men said, with higher production numbers usually correlating to less value. The White House Communications Agency did not respond immediately to a request for comment from NBC News.Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer wasn't joking Tuesday when he said, via Twitter, that he doesn't believe that the profile of Kim, whom he described as "a brutal dictator," should share space on a government-issued medallion with the president."I urge the White House to take Kim off the coin," he said.The White House said the issuance of the medallion was both routine and outside its purview. "In terms of the coins, this is not something that the White House has anything to do with," White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said Tuesday."We don't have any input on the design, the manufacturer, the process, in any capacity," she said. "This is a standard procedure by the White House Communications Agency, which is made up exclusively of career military officials. And these coins are designed and done by that organization."The White House Gift Shop page for the medallion states that it comes with a black velvet coin case. "If summit does not occur," it states, "you can request a refund. Virtually all customers have asked us to fulfill this unique heirloom of political history regardless of outcome."Short of nuclear annihilation, it did not appear that the item would be recalled or curtailed.WASHINGTON — Donald Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, met with a Russian oligarch and discussed U.S.-Russia relations just 11 days before Trump was inaugurated as president, according to a person familiar with the meeting.A firm connected to the oligarch, billionaire Viktor Vekselberg, later paid Cohen $500,000 for consulting work.Vekselberg met with Cohen for about 20 minutes in Cohen's 26th-floor office in Trump Tower in New York , said the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the meeting publicly. The two men were joined by Andrew Intrater, Vekselberg's American cousin, who heads a New York private equity firm that manages financial assets for the Russian.The person who confirmed the January 2017 meeting said the discussions dealt with business and cultural relations between the two nations, but he would not characterize Vekselberg's point of view. Vekselberg has worked in recent years to improve U.S. tech and trade relations with Moscow.Intrater's firm, Columbus Nova, later paid Cohen $500,000 for consulting work. A lawyer for adult-film star Stormy Daniels has claimed that the money was routed by Vekselberg and Intrater to a Cohen shell company. That company, Essential Consultants LLC, was used by Cohen to pay off Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, for her silence about an affair she claims she had with Trump, according to the lawyer, Michael Avenatti. Trump denies the affair.Cohen's finances are now under investigation by federal investigators in New York, following a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating contacts between the Trump presidential campaign and Russian intermediaries.Columbus Nova has said Vekselberg was not involved in the money transfer.Vekselberg was targeted in April with U.S. Treasury Department sanctions, which cited his ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin.The Trump Tower meeting between the three men was first reported by The New York Times, citing video footage and an interview with Intrater.WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's legal team wants a briefing on the classified information shared with lawmakers about the origins of the FBI investigation into Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election and may take it to the Justice Department as part of an effort to scuttle the ongoing special counsel probe.Rudy Giuliani, one of Trump's attorneys, told The Associated Press on Friday that the White House hopes to get a readout of the information next week, particularly about the use of a longtime government informant who approached members of Trump's campaign in a possible bid to glean intelligence on Russian efforts to sway the election.Trump has made unproven claims of FBI misconduct and political bias and has denounced the asset as "a spy.""If the spying was inappropriate, that means we may have an entirely illegitimate investigation," Giuliani said of special counsel Robert Mueller's probe. He then invoked the material compiled by former FBI Director James Comey before he was fired."Coupled with Comey's illegally leaked memos, this means the whole thing was a mistake and should never have happened," Giuliani said. "We'd urge the Justice Department to re-evaluate, to acknowledge they made a mistake. It's a waste of $20 million of the taxpayers' money. The whole thing is already a waste of money."Comey has said he had the authority as a private citizen to ask a friend to share details from one of his memos with the news media, and has said he did nothing wrong. The Justice Department official who would be the one to receive any complaints from Giuliani would presumably be Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last year in the wake of Comey's firing and was present for Thursday's briefings.Suggesting that the probe was launched on the backs of inappropriately obtained information was Giuliani's latest effort to discredit the investigation by painting it as a purely political event.The FBI began a counterintelligence investigation in July 2016 to determine if Trump campaign associates were coordinating with Russia to tip the election. The investigation was opened after the hacking of Democratic emails that intelligence officials later formally attributed to Russia.The two meetings held Thursday were sought by Trump's GOP allies in Congress and arranged by the White House, as the president has tried to sow suspicions about the legitimacy of the FBI investigation. Trump and his allies have focused on the use of the informant."What motivated putting him in? What sort of information were they seeking from him? What did they get?" Giuliani asked Friday. "They clearly did not get incriminating information or we'd have found out about it by now. And why did they hide it for so long? There's a big concealment that went on here for over a year since the president said he had been surveilled."So far, 19 people, including Trump's former campaign chairman and former national security adviser, have been charged in Mueller's investigation. Three former Trump aides have pleaded guilty and are cooperating with the investigation.Democrats emerged from the meetings saying they saw no evidence to support Republican allegations that the FBI acted inappropriately. Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina was not in the meetings but, in a radio interview Friday, broke with the president to say a "confidential informant is not a spy," though he cautioned about investigations into campaigns.Initially offered only to Republicans, the briefings were the latest piece of stagecraft meant to publicize and bolster the allegations. But they also highlighted the degree to which the president and his allies have used the levers of the federal government — in this case, intelligence agencies — to aid in Trump's personal and political defense.The presence of a White House lawyer, Emmet Flood, and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly at the outset of the briefings raised immediate alarms from Democrats, who said they were concerned officials could use information from the meetings to the president's legal advantage.They also said it was inappropriate for White House officials to attend any part of a meeting about a criminal investigation that directly concerns the president and his campaign. Some also questioned whether the presence of Flood and Kelly violated Justice Department policy meant to limit contacts with the White House to specific circumstances.Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said in a statement on Friday night that Flood and Kelly "were there to relay the President's desire for as much openness as possible under the law; and both left — as planned — before the substantive portion of the meeting began." Giuliani said it would be appropriate for Trump to be briefed about the findings."He's not the subject or target of that investigation. He should know what is discussed," said Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City. "Moreover, I assume President Obama knew about it. And if Obama knew about it, why can't Trump?"Questions would likely be raised about the appropriateness of sharing the information with the White House in light of the ongoing probe into Trump's campaign.It was unclear how much information was given to lawmakers. According to a U.S. official familiar with the broader of the two meetings, the briefers did not reveal the name of the informant. They brought documents to Capitol Hill but did not share them, and made several remarks about the importance of protecting intelligence sources and methods. The person declined to be identified because the briefing was classified.The president intensified his attacks on the probe this week, calling it "spygate" and tweeting Thursday that it was "Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history." Trump told one ally this week that he wanted "to brand" the informant a "spy," believing the more nefarious term would resonate more in the media and with the public.Following Trump's demands, the Justice Department on Monday directed the Inspector General to probe those accusations.It remained unclear what, if any, spying was done. The White House provided no evidence to support Trump's claim that President Barack Obama's administration was trying to spy on his 2016 campaign for political reasons. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, an ardent Trump supporter, originally demanded the information on an FBI source in the Russia investigation.Giuliani said the president's legal team would wait to see a report out of the briefings before making a decision as to whether Trump would sit for an interview with Mueller's investigators. He previously had said that a decision would not be made about an interview until after Trump's summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, a meeting the president canceled Thursday but the White House is open to reviving."We'll see about the future of the summit before we definitely make a decision about a timetable," Giuliani said.ARLINGTON, Va. — President Donald Trump paid a Memorial Day tribute at Arlington National Cemetery to those who have fallen in battle or while protecting a nation forever thankful for their selfless service."We mourn alongside their families and we strive to be worthy of their sacrifice," the commander in chief told an audience of Cabinet members, military leaders, veterans and families assembled in the marble amphitheater near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.WATCH: Taps is played at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery as the nation observes #MemorialDay. pic.twitter.com/5EqDOjmBfCTrump said he came to the "sacred soil" of Arlington on Monday "to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes" — the men and women who laid down their lives so that others could be free.Trump also laid a wreath at the tomb during his second Memorial Day trip to Arlington as president.Before heading to the hallowed grounds across the Potomac River from the nation's capital, Trump tweeted that "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today."In the tweet, the president veered from the somber to self-congratulatory, citing what he said was the "Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (& women in 18years) ..."Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (& women in 18years), rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!He was criticized for his tone by a number of people, including the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff during the Obama administration, former Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, who tweeted, "This day, of all days of the year, should not be about any one of us."John Kirby, a State Department spokesman in the Obama administration, called Trump's tweet "one of the most inappropriate, ignorant and tone-deaf things our Commander-in-Chief could have said on a day like today."At Arlington, Trump said the heroes who died for America "rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields and burial grounds near and far, and are drawn from the full tapestry of American life."He said they came from "every generation, from towering cities and wind-swept prairies, from privilege and from poverty. They were generals and privates, captains and corporals of every race, color and of every creed, but they were all brothers and sisters in arms. And they were all united then, as they are united now, forever, by their undying love of our great country."Gen. Joseph Dunford, the current chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, honored the more than a million Americans he said "gave their last full measure so we could live in freedom and raise our children in peace."He also honored the families "they left behind and for whom every day is Memorial Day."Those who fought and died for America, he said, "shared a commitment to something greater than themselves and they were people who understand what we have in this country is worth fighting for."Those who attended the Memorial Day tribute included Trump's chief of staff, John Kelly, whose son, Marine 2nd Lt. Robert M. Kelly, was killed in November 2010 after he stepped on a land mine while on patrol in southern Afghanistan. He is buried at Arlington.President Donald Trump's threats to slap substantial new tariffs on automotive imports could “undermine the multilateral trade system and disrupt the order of international trade,” China's commerce secretary said on Thursday.The president has long expressed his frustration about automotive imports, raising the threat of a “substantial border tax” targeting automakers like Ford for increasing the number of vehicles they bring in from Mexico — but the latest threat has taken an unexpected turn.To avoid having to negotiate new tariffs with Congress, Trump wants Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to investigate whether auto imports are a threat to national security, something he could act on unilaterally under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.On Wednesday, the president signaled in a tweet that there will be “big news coming soon for our great American autoworkers.” Hours later, the White House issued a terse statement announcing the auto imports investigation, with Trump declaring, "Core industries such as automobiles and automotive parts are critical to our strength as a nation.”Exactly what the White House might have in mind is uncertain, though reports quickly begin circulating, citing unnamed administration sources, that tariffs on auto imports could jump as high as 25 percent. That would be a tenfold increase on the 2.5 percent duties currently in place — with the exception of the 25 percent “chicken tax” on imported pickup trucks that is a holdover of a decades-old trade dispute with Europe over American poultry.Ironically, the possibility is there that the U.S. could soon match the duties currently imposed by China on auto imports, even though Beijing announced this week it would drop the tariff on imported autos to 15 percent by July 1.During a "Talks at GS" conversation with Goldman Sachs Chairman and CEO Lloyd Blankfein, GM CEO Mary Barra said that she would either see auto tariffs eliminated around the world or set at an even level in all markets."If you give us a level playing field, we want to compete and we want to win based on merit," Barra said Wednesday. “There's opportunity there to create a level playing field, which we don't have today."Detroit automakers are perhaps the most likely to benefit from any new tariffs — at least if it doesn’t shake up the economy and lead to lower demand in a market that last year slipped to 17.2 million vehicles, the first downturn since the end of the Great Recession.One of the concerns held by tariff supporters and opponents is that vehicle prices could rise at a time of weakening demand. "The thing in the auto industry that you always have to look at is if someone can't afford a new car, they'll buy a used car. And if they buy a 5-year-old or a 10-year-old” vehicle, Barra said.Earlier talk of tariff increases were scuttled under pressure from the auto industry and, in particular, car dealers. Foreign automakers, who already have invested tens of billions of dollars in U.S. plants, were also voicing opposition.John Bozzella, CEO of Global Automakers, which represents foreign automakers doing business in the U.S. and some domestic parts suppliers, criticized the latest threat, calling it “a bad day for American consumers.”"The U.S. auto industry is thriving and growing. Thirteen, soon to be 14 companies, produced nearly 12 million cars and trucks in America last year,” Bozzella said, referencing the soon-to-open Volvo plant in South Carolina. “To our knowledge, no one is asking for this protection. This path leads inevitably to fewer choices and higher prices for cars and trucks in America.”Exactly how the latest move by Trump will play out is uncertain. Specific plans haven’t been announced, though Dave Cole, director-emeritus of the Center for Automotive Research, said that’s no surprise. “It’s his bargaining style. He never puts anything out where he wants to end up.”Cole said the tariff hike clearly is aimed at Trump’s “autoworker base, but while it is clearly “a provocative move,” it’s likely far too early to see if it will result in more American auto investments and jobs.Taking a knee during the national anthem during a National Football League game should “maybe” be a deportable offense, President Donald Trump appeared to say in an interview that aired Thursday morning.Speaking just moments after the NFL announced that all players who are on the field when the national anthem is heard before a game must stand and show respect — or can choose to remain in the locker room without penalty — Trump praised the new policy but also said it didn’t go far enough in punishing players who might continue to take a knee during the anthem.“Well, I think that’s good. I don’t think people should be staying in locker rooms. But still, I think it’s good. You have to stand proudly for the national anthem, or you shouldn’t be playing, you shouldn’t be there. Maybe you shouldn’t be in the country,” Trump said in a wide-ranging sit-down with “Fox and Friends” that took place Wednesday but wasn't aired until Thursday.“You have to stand proudly for the national anthem, and the NFL owners did the right thing,” he added.Under the new policy, teams will be subject to a fine if a player does not comply.The NFL had previously suggested that players should stand, but it stopped short of enforcing fines. The new policy says clubs can still develop their own work rules for players and personnel who don't stand, but they must be "consistent with the above principles." That means teams could choose to pass along fines to players.The controversy over players who kneel during "The Star-Spangled Banner" has raged since 2016, when Colin Kaepernick, then a quarterback with the 49ers, first refused to stand as a lone protest against police brutality, particularly against black Americans, and racial oppression. Protests expanded, prompting Trump to criticize the the kneeling as “disgraceful.”Trump, in the interview with Fox, took credit for creating the issue but said it was "the people" who "pushed it forward.""I think the people pushed it forward, not me. I brought it out. it could have been taken care of when it first started," he said.Trump, in his interview, also discussed immigration, the MS-13 gang and his decision last year to fire former FBI Director James Comey.“I’ve done done a great service for the country by firing him,” Trump claimed.The president, who spoke to the network Wednesday following a roundtable discussion on MS-13 and immigration in New York, added that he would not consider an immigration bill that did not include provisions to build his border wall."Unless it includes a wall, I mean a real wall ... there will be no approvals from me," Trump said. He said he was "watching one or two" of the bills that are expected to be voted on in the House, following an expected forced vote process by moderate Republicans known as a discharge petition.The petition would force a vote on bipartisan legislation unveiled in March that would allow for the consideration of four different proposals, including: a conservative immigration bill proposed by Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va.; a bipartisan version of the Dream Act; and a bipartisan bill to protect people covered by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program while enhancing border security.Trump, however, said, "it's time to get the whole package," referring to his desire that any immigration deal include not only money for his wall and protections people covered by DACA, but also increased border security measures like ending so-called "chain migration."President Donald Trump lashed out at Democrats on Friday, slamming them for "rooting against" him on North Korea and accusing the opposition party of not being outraged over his claims that there had been a "spy" in his campaign.The Twitter tirade came a day after Trump suddenly canceled a summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un that had been scheduled for June 12 and after the Justice Department briefed a group of top lawmakers about the FBI's investigation into Trump's 2016 campaign.The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a Spy, as illegal as that may be. But what about an “Informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the Russian Hoax?Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question, even with the expenditure of far more money, LOST!“Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people.” Mollie Hemingway, The Federalist Senior Editor  But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs, saying that they are individuals & must be nurtured, or asking to end your big Tax Cuts & raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!Congressional Democrats had said that the classified briefing held Thursday did not offer evidence that supports the allegation that an intelligence agency placed a spy in the campaign, as Trump has repeatedly claimed."Nothing we heard today has changed our view that there is no evidence to support any allegation that the FBI or any intel agency placed a spy in the Trump campaign," Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., told reporters, reading from a statement from himself and three other Democrats: House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia.With increasing frequency and venom, Trump has been ramping up his attacks in recent days on the FBI's reported use of an informant to investigate his campaign, dubbing it "Spygate" and slamming it as "one of the biggest political scandals in history."After Trump announced Thursday that he had canceled the summit with Kim, Democrats said the president got played."Kim Jong Un is the big winner," Pelosi said.Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, criticized the administration for an alleged lack of preparation for the now-canceled summit.Earlier Thursday, in a letter addressed to Kim and released by the White House, Trump blamed the cancellation on the "tremendous anger and open hostility" in a recent statement by the North Koreans. That appeared to be a reference to a statement by North Korea on Thursday that warned of a "nuclear-to-nuclear showdown" with the United States.On Sunday, the Trump administration surprised the business world by announcing it would pull back on its plan to impose tariffs on Chinese goods. After many months of threats and tweets about China's unfair trading practices, suddenly the U.S. was "putting the trade war on hold," in the words of Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, and it was not clear what, if anything, China had to give up in return.That led to charges that China had outmaneuvered President Donald Trump."I think this president has shown in a number of different issues that he wants a headline more than he actually wants to solve a problem," said Gabriel Horwitz, vice president for the economic program at Third Way."China is winning the negotiations," Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., wrote in a tweet. "Their concessions are things they planned to do anyways. In exchange they get no tariffs, can keep stealing intellectual property & can keep blocking our companies while they invest in the U.S. without limits."The abrupt reversal had even seasoned trade experts scratching their heads, with some expressing concern that the United States had weakened its position with on-again, off-again threats of a trade war.“There’s a big question mark as to who’s actually put points on the board, and has the overall macroeconomic dynamic shifted at all?” said Horwitz.Some economists say it has not. “This is the first step in conflict avoidance, not the end of the story,” said Jeffrey Schott, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. “It has not resolved any problem.”If anything, there is concern that a lack of consistency — possibly due to a power struggle between the free trade-espousing Mnuchin and Peter Navarro, outspoken trade hawk and director of the White House National Trade Council — could undermine American credibility at the negotiating table.“My instinct is that the Trump administration is trying to use the power of access to the U.S. market as a tool to get China to change its policies,” said Michael O. Moore, a professor of economics and international affairs at George Washington University.Of the current lull, he said, “This suggests that they’re trying to work out some kind of a deal that would allow the Chinese to save face, Trump to save face, and avoid a trade war.”But this pride-centric jockeying for a symbolic “win” could be ultimately damaging to American economic momentum, economists warned.“It’s weakened our standing on an international level,” Horwitz said. “Trying to start a trade war is just one example in a litany of things this administration has done.”The statements put out jointly by Washington and Beijing over the weekend were light on specifics; both parties said they would keep talking to work towards increasing U.S. exports of agricultural goods and energy into China as a way to pare down the trade deficit, but U.S. officials backed away from the $200 billion figure that previously had been reported.Trade experts said it was far from clear that increasing Chinese imports by $200 billion would be effective, or even achievable.“It’s not clear how you would do it and what other countries would lose,” said Barry Bosworth, senior fellow of economic studies at the Brookings Institution. “There’s never been such a demand before — it’s a complete departure from the notion of international rules and institutions governing trade,” he said.“The issues don’t seem to have been thought out at all, except for the vague idea that these terms are unfair. That’s not going to get them very far,” Bosworth said."The administration’s inconsistency presents a challenge — for trade negotiators as well as American business leaders.""The administration’s inconsistency presents a challenge — for trade negotiators as well as American business leaders."The tenuous status of Trump’s planned meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un next month is another factor looming over the negotiations, some experts say, pointing to China’s longstanding position of influence on the leaders of the isolated country.“The U.S. administration does not want this big conflict with China emerging right in the middle of its commitment to have negotiations with North Korea,” Bosworth said.“All of this is definitely intertwined, for sure,” Horwitz said, but he added that the administration’s inconsistency presented a challenge — for trade negotiators as well as American business leaders trying to figure out whether or not they should invest in workers, equipment or other financial commitments.“When we think about hiring and consumer products and pricing — all of these forces in our economy rely on some sense of certainty,” he said.In a global economy, the impact could be great: Businesses that compete with China and those that export to it could be reluctant to expand, Moore predicted. “When someone is hiring, they’re not looking at rumor and speculation. That’s the real world,” he said.The longer this drags on, the more detrimental it could be to the domestic economy, according to Schott.“Uncertainty itself is a restriction on trade,” he said.A U.S. delegation met with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone on Sunday as planning seemed to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps-on-again summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.South Korea's president, Moon Jae-in, meanwhile, gave details about his surprise meeting Saturday with Kim in the truce village of Panmunjom, saying Kim had committed to sitting down with Trump and to a "complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula."The South Korean news agency Yonhap quoted a senior official from the presidential office in Seoul as saying Moon could travel to Singapore for a three-way summit with Trump and Kim Jong Un next month, depending on the outcome of ongoing discussions between Washington and Pyongyang. The trip would likely be made around June 12, the proposed date of the summit, which Trump canceled on Thursday, the official said, according to Yonhap. A three-way summit was the original proposal from Moon and Kim Jong Un when they held their first meeting at Panmunjom on April 27. Moon publicly raised the possibility again at a news conference Sunday, saying he hoped for a three-way summit "should the North Korea-U.S. summit succeed."Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo tapped veteran U.S. diplomat Sung Kim to handle pre-summit negotiations. On a separate but complementary track is the CIA team that Pompeo set up last year when he headed the spy agency. And on a third track is a White House logistical group that was sent to Singapore on Sunday to prepare in case the summit takes place. It was led by Joe Hagin, the White House's deputy chief of staff for operations.Kim, the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines, also served as ambassador to South Korea and was part of the U.S. negotiating team that last held substantive denuclearization talks with North Korea during the administration of President George W. Bush in 2005.Talks with North Korea on a summit with Kim Jong Un were going "very well," Trump said on Saturday.The developments, after last week's whirlwind of uncertainty, appeared to flesh out Trump's assertion that the June 12 summit in Singapore could take place as first scheduled.Trump told reporters Saturday that there was "a lot of goodwill," that the original plan was still being considered and that "that hasn't changed.""We continue to prepare for a meeting," State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in Washington as she confirmed that a U.S. delegation was "in ongoing talks with North Korean officials" in Panmunjom in the DMZ, which separates the two Koreas.The Korean leaders' second summit in a month saw bear hugs and broad smiles. But their quickly arranged meeting Saturday appeared to highlight a sense of urgency on both sides of the world's most heavily armed border.The talks, which Moon said Kim Jong Un requested, capped 24 hours of diplomatic back and forth.They allowed Moon to push for a U.S.-North Korean summit that he sees as the best way to ease animosity that had some fearing a war last year. Kim may see a meeting with Trump as necessary to easing pressure from crushing sanctions and to winning security assurances in a region surrounded by enemies. Moon told reporters that Kim "again made clear his commitment to a complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula."Moon added that Kim said he's willing to cooperate to end confrontation and work toward peace for the sake of the successful summit with Trump. Moon said he told Kim that Trump has a "firm resolve" to end hostile relations with North Korea and initiate economic cooperation if Kim implements "complete denuclearization.""What Kim is unclear about is that he has concerns about whether his country can surely trust the United States over its promise to end hostile relations [with North Korea] and provide a security guarantee if they do denuclearization," Moon said. "During the South Korea-U.S. summit, President Trump said the U.S. is willing to clearly put an end to hostile relations and help [the North] achieve economic prosperity if North Korea conducts denuclearization."Before he canceled the summit, Trump didn't rule out an incremental approach that would provide incentives along the way to the North.